Medication  wasn’t an entire solution for me, but rather a head start towards being a better me. I think the biggest change in heart I had to wire my brain to believe is that my own happiness is nobody’s responsibility but my own. It’s my choice to make time to take care of my own mental health. It’s my choice to seek help. It’s my choice to go out and do things. I can choose to lie in bed all day being sad, or I can at least make the effort to help myself. It’s a hard truth to take in, and it took me forever to just accept for my own self, but truthfully, if you want to get better you have to somehow take control of your own life. Life is what you make it. You get to make decisions in your life, so don’t let an illness stop you from doing just that. 
You might have heard this a million times but don’t do that. In case of first two I hadn’t had much experience, but I encourage you to go on a therapy, or don’t touch them. It’s sometimes better to cry out than go into alcohol addiction. In case of self harm, you might have felt a pleasant sensation. IT IS ONLY A TEMPORARY SOLUTION! Tell it to person that you trust, and talk about it./nHow to Identify if you have a TOXIC BOSS/nPlease let me help you!!!I want to help everyone get through whatever they're going through, so please, if something's going on or if you just need someone to talk to, I'll gladly try my best to help you get through it! (If I don't get back to you when you message me or comment or something I'm either asleep or in school, so don't be discouraged!)/nI love you all!!!I hope everyone who reads this can smile and have a better day <3 even if you don't know me, i love you and care about you. My discord is BayGod#2064. This is more directed to younger humans who need help or just a friend. Please keep smiling and stay safe!/nHow to describe depression to someone who tries to understand you/nAn algorithm to help people with depressionUPDATE: *I have the 50 responses I wanted for this first week! I can't believe how fast I got them. I am humbled and thankful for the Redditt community! I love this place already. Thank you. I am so happy that I'll keep collecting info until I get to 100. Then I'll see if I'm overwhelmed with work, lol. Please follow me! I want to keep doing stuff like this for the community! THIS IS SO MEANINGFUL TO ME. YOU HAVE NO IDEA.*   
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeTshqBpUOhd4EEivs783QsEtLfMMulc5BGdkAtsBcgiurQA/viewform](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeTshqBpUOhd4EEivs783QsEtLfMMulc5BGdkAtsBcgiurQA/viewform) <3
Cognitive distortion it is essentially a distorted, usually negative way of thinking. Also described as a “…biased perspective we take on ourselves and the world around us…irrational thoughts and beliefs that we unknowingly reinforce over time” ([https://positivepsychologyprogram.com/cognitive-distortions/](https://positivepsychologyprogram.com/cognitive-distortions/)). There are several types of cognitive distortions, but they all have at least these three things in common: (1) it is a pervasive way of thinking of perceiving reality (2) it is always false or inaccurate, and (3) it can manifest into mental health issues. Interestingly, most people don’t even recognize cognitive distortions, I know I didn’t. I had been doing it for so long, it felt normal. And while cognitive distortions are never ideal, for obvious reasons, it’s probably hard to escape them for the entirety of one’s life. The real problem is when this way of thinking becomes persistent and chronic, not just periodic, which can manifest as depression, anxiety, and other mental health issues. And cognitive distortion isn’t just a fancy psychology term. This type of thinking can inevitably rewire our brains, making it an interlocked facet of neuroanatomy (brain region) and neurobiology (important processes that occur within brain regions), two areas of neuroscience research I study intimately. In fact, rewiring of the brain is referred to as synaptic plasticity, or the strengthening or weakening of neuronal firing capacity, which largely underlies many psychological disorders. The point is, cognitive distortions can be potentially very dangerous and should not be ignored.   
There is no signup. just put your name or a fake name, your email or one you just are temporarily using, and your actual issue. I really want to provide some insight to your situation. maybe i can help.
I don't care if a small, insignificant thing like this is something millions of people do every day. It's big for me. Be OK everyone, plant something!/nIn this moment...Right now, in this moment, I feel for the first time in 7 years that I might be able to survive. I might be able to live as an adult in this world. I’ll have to keep working so fucking hard to live with my mental illness, but maybe, just maybe, I can do that. Maybe someday I will be happy and want to live. Maybe someday I will be able to put aside this belief that nothing exists and nothing matters and just live for the sake of living. Maybe I will find love, maybe I will get a job, maybe I will get my license, maybe I will get a peaceful night of sleep.
To combat this issue, the protagonist, Cobb, comes up with the Totem. The Totem is an item specific to each character, each with its own characteristics that they use when things get too intense to remind themselves that they’re just dreaming (in other words, *"it’s not reality!"*).
4. DISQUALIFYING THE POSITIVE: You reject positive experiences by insisting they “don’t count” for some reason or other. In this way you can maintain a negative belief that is contradicted by your everyday experiences
You, reader, take a moment to understand just how valuable you are in this thing we call life. You might see no end in sight to what you're experiencing. You might be unable to remember or comprehend what silence and peace sounds and feels like in your head. 
But really take a moment, as best as you can to think about it: they're only thoughts and feelings. Although the thoughts are loud and intimidating, although they are a torment, they have no physical power to harm you or kill you. The same is true for the feelings. Even though your heart is racing, and the thoughts are capitalizing on that to try and convince you that you're going to die, and that it would be *better* to die. Those feelings have no power to harm you or kill you.
* likewise, I really do well when I sweat at least once a day. Sweating could be intellectual or physical. So I might write: had a really good study session today. Or "went to the gym". Get the picture?
I promise you that. I was a person who 3 years ago couldn't get out of home alone without someone by their side, had horrible panic attacks, suicidal thoughts, extreme anger outbursts and was spending days in bed sleeping and crying,   
https://www.modernmami.com/parenting/spreading-kindness-online-help-kids-be-internet-awesome//ni love u guys on hereIt's sad but at least a good thing that when I am really ready to jump off a cliff,   I at least have this place.   I wish I could throw us all a huge love party.   Keep up the good fight./nI Am Warrior"I am light and I am dark
YOU HAVE CREATED IT(THE PAST MEMORIES THAT ARE IN THE BRAIN),SO YOU ARE THAT, WHEN there is that actuality and that realization then all movement STOPS. The movement of the thinker(YOU) that realizes that he is depression trying to act upon the thought that he looks at is futile and wrong then all movement  stops.
We are currently looking for people to take part in our research study finding protective factors against suicide. You do not have to experience thoughts to take part, as we are interested in the protective factors too.
It took me two years to actually kick of Gratitude Bridge and to do that I had to go through a huge period of dark depression, suicide, therapists, trying to get my mental health in check before I could do the project.
Keep fighting. You can pull through./nRead this about a month ago and I've thought about it every day since. I wish this kind of carefree satisfaction on each of you./nWhen things get bad you just have to ride the wave/nDepression and Writing: Does it Help?/nTen Top Tips to Lift Your Mood/nIt's going to be okay./nNo matter what they say./nI've noticed depression has been blocking some blessings/nUse Your Emotions to Succeed as A Man!/nPerseverance toward life goals can fend off depression, anxiety, panic disorders/nTake Me Sea (Lo-Fi HipHop Music)/nYou just have to keep holding on, things will get better/nHelloI just want to say that you are loved, and that you have a reason to exist on this planet of ours. Things may seem low right now, but they will get better, I promise. The nature of things is to change, so they certainly won’t stay like this for much longer.
When I was 13, I was abused by my stepmother. It was mostly emotional abuse but she tried to get physical with me a few times. Both my brothers went to live with my mom in Idaho but I wanted to stay in SLC, so it was just me and her and my POS dad who was never around back then. I don’t know why she had an attitude with me but, looking back, I think she was mad I didn’t go live with my mom. Anyway, I starting getting depression and anxiety about it. Things kept getting worse and I went down that path you always hear about, skipping school, hanging out with friends instead of going home, partying, picking fights and generally being a mood whenever I did go home. I picked fights with my stepmom just because I felt like it and she even called the cops on me a couple times. 
And then days like today remind me to appreciate the little things. Nothing astounding happened today, and I don’t know what switch flipped and made me feel a little less sad. But I’m so glad it did. 
However, I've found a method to help me "live in the moment; appreciate the present." I basically see every day as it's own little holiday/event. This prevents me from seeing every weekday as a mundane prison.
Interestingly, there isn’t a lot of literature linking specific brain regions directly to cognitive distortions, and that’s probably because most research is focused rather on identifying circuits involved in the inevitable output of cognitive distortions: depression, anxiety, addiction, etc. That is to say, cognitive distortions aren’t a disorder, per se, but can underlie several disorders. My guess is that the brain regions underlying depression, anxiety, and addiction are the same regions that are rewired overtime by cognitive distortions. And, honestly, it makes sense that we don’t know a lot about the neurobiology underlying cognitive distortions. There are no preclinical models (i.e. animal research) that can accurately measure cognitive distortion. We have no way of knowing what animals are thinking, and it’s unlikely that most animals, I’d dare to say any animals, have the capacity to distort reality the way humans do. In other words, we can’t ask animals, “so, how are you feeling about yourself today?” This highlights a common problem in neuroscience: the limitation of using animals to accurately translate human behaviors. I digress on this point but will leave an open challenge for future generations to address this issue.
They more also claims for heart health improvements, and other things, but they were not very conclusive, one of the most interesting piece of information is that it would seem to help for autistic symptoms.
For anyone out there who is jobseeker who is depression, the best advice I can give you is don’t associate your mental illlness/depression, bipolar disorder or anxiety with your current situation in your life without a job. All that does it turns into vicious cycle and you become defined by status in life, rather than seeing depression as illness at the end day. 
This is a short mantra I created that I've since memorized. I say it to myself every morning and every night. It reminds to keep on keeping on... every day is a fight with your own dragon, but reaffirming that you are the warrior who inhabits both light and dark gives you the edge... the dragon, despite all its fire-breathing menace, knows only dark. Knowing the dark, but following the light, that is how I visualize overcoming depression. So, yes, every day is a new fight... but (and I'm quoting Attack on Titan here, my favorite show): "If you win, live... If you lose, you die... But if you don't fight, you can't win." Anyway, I think everyone suffering from depression (I have Bipolar II), would benefit from creating their own fighting mantra that sends them confidently into the fray... and then into the light./nGuidance & Emergence EP | Underground Music (HELP WITH DEPRESSION, LOSS OF MOTIVATION, SELF REFLECTION)/nThe Science of Solitude and How “Digital Minimalism” Can Help with Anxiety and Depression/nI wrote this when i was spiraling. Hope it helps. Hope you can read it. Love you all./nWelcome/nThe funniest way I came out of a depression crisisLast weekend, I was again struck by a crisis of existential depression. Five days of moping around, trying to find a meaning for my life, complete with the fact nonexistence seemed extremely appealing.
Let’s say my totem is a hair-tie from a girlfriend, and every time I feel unloved, I look at that hair-tie and it reminds me *“Hey, regardless of what I’m feeling, I know I’m loved because this girl loves me!”* Well, what happens if we have a bad break up? That Totem immediately goes from being a secure foundation to keep me grounded in positive thinking to becoming the meteor that destroys my entire house with negativity and insecurity. So I'm using foresight to say, *"maybe not the best foundation to live upon!* Every time I see that hair-tie from then on I know I risk giving room to think that maybe I’m not really lovable or worth anything, because if I was why didn’t it work out? Why did she stop wanting me?
I am actually looking forward to this somehow. I am scared at the same time but I need to do this. I don't want to be alone in this./nanxiety from not working for five months, would you be able to go back to work?This is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years. 
It does get better. It's a struggle everyday. It's not easy at all. But there are reasons to keep going, to keep trying to make things better. I don't have all the answers. Hell most days I don't have any answers. I just have hope I guess.
One of the things that have really helped me over the years, and even more so these days since I have a healthier perspective of myself than I did back then, is using symbolism to represent and remind me of personal truths. 
I don't know, this is what really helps me get through this time and motivates me to keep on keepin on. I really benefit from looking forward to something even if that sort of defeats the purpose of "living in the moment,"... I hope I helped someone out there. You're never alone in this. Friday will be here soon enough, and the cycle will repeat itself :)/nHelpful tipI forgot where I heard this, but it’s been a really helpful tool for me. 
Lastly, similar but converseive to how the world can be a lot brighter, more beautiful when shared with others, without yourself and what you either do or can mean and matter to others, the world will be a less bright without one more flame, one more light to help shine in the darkest of nights. So please stay, and please do not give up. You are meant to be here, wanted by the likes of me and many others, even if you may not always know it, and as one of my favorite likes from the Dead Poet's Society summarized that I opened up this message with, you really do have your own verse to contribute to the great play of life, both for yourself and others. "/nThe next chapterIt's been a while since I have posted here. I mostly lurk and see what advice is given and hope its applicable to me, but today I wanted to share the next step in my recovery with everyone. My life has been full of ups and downs, but mostly it has been downs. If you are interested in all that you can check out my first post, because this is going to be a positive one. During my period of absence, I have overcame my alcohol addiction and am proud to say I am 9 months sober. I have started therapy to deal with the emotional trauma I experienced throughout my life and have been told I am doing very well. I have also been prescribed medication to help with my depression and insomnia. It was not an easy journey by any means, but it is one that I am glad to have started and look forward to finishing. I guess my point would be that no matter how bad the situation you are in may be, remember that the only way it can get better is to keep moving forward. When you choice to end your life you are not stopping the pain, you are merely moving it to your loved ones. I hope this can inspire at least one person to take that first step and find help where they need it. And if you ever feel like you need someone to talk to, feel free to message me. I will always have time to help someone if I can. Stay strong everyone./nSometimes I think I’ve never worked hard at anything...And then I remember I work my ass off every day to stay alive.  Which counts.  I may not be accomplished academically, or have kids or a career, but I’ve made it through all of the times I wanted to end my life.  And that’s the toughest challenge I can think of./nit'll be goodeventually/nFrom dropping out to class average+!!I've always been below class average.  In 2016 by some miracle I got into an amazing university but studying something I hated.  I failed and dropped out my first year in 2017, with not only the lowest scores probably in classes but also failing several courses.  I considered suicide several times especially since I knew my Asian parents wouldn't let me live it down.
It might take time and practice to work these things out and adapt them to your own situations. It's not one-size fits all. Depression is influenced by a number of different things (chemicals, circumstances, diet, etc.)! But it took me YEARS to get to this place, so I hope what I’ve learned and what I've written here can save you that time, and give you an advantage. 
I let my feelings rule over me. Sadness, numbness, fear, anger, grief and a feeling of failure. I used to draw all my life and I love it, but It gets hard when depression and anxiety hit at the same time.
It doesn’t always make the intense thoughts and feelings disappear, but it pulls me out of that sense of drowning and insanity by reminding me that not everything I'm thinking and feeling is the true reality.
*"Happy Sunday,"* this is normally a difficult day for me. I find myself reevaluating my choices and consider making changes to have a shorter commute, save money, be closer to my family, etc. The most effective way for ME to really fight any negative Sunday scaries is to get out of bed, shower and physically take steps toward productive actions such as more chores, maybe even go on a walk to get myself outdoors. Sunday evening I try to center myself and channel all that I'm thankful for to begin the next week on a positive note, seeing it all as a new cycle to begin, working toward my FAVORITE day, Friday, and starting it all over again.
Okay! I wanted to share something that really helps me. For about two years now, when I get really deep in the weeds, I start up with a journaling routine. Every night, I fill out a sheet that looks something like this. I make the template with black ink the night before (or several nights before, if I feel like doing a bunch at a time), and each night, I take my colored pens, and fill this form out. The routine is pleasant and grounding, and it helps anchor me to the tools and skills I'm practicing everyday.
Some of the questions will ask about current mood, any suicidal thoughts or self-harm. If there is a chance that this could be triggering, there is no obligation to take part and there is always the option to stop the questionnaire at any time. Any answers you give within the questionnaire are completely confidential and anonymous.
8. LABELING AND MISLABELING: This is an extreme form of overgeneralization. Instead of describing your error, you attach a negative label to yourself: “I’m a loser.” When someone else’s behavior rubs you the wrong way, you attach a negative label to him: “He’s a goddam louse.” Mislabeling involves describing an event with language that is highly colored and emotionally loaded.
I’m not saying I know how to get rid of these feelings for you. What I am saying is that simplification has helped me immensely to understand, target and try to work out root causes of my depression. 
[https://www.meetmindful.com/healing-a-broken-heart/](https://www.meetmindful.com/healing-a-broken-heart/)/nNot sure if this has already been posted here or not. I hope it can be a blessing to anyone and everyone in need. Remember, there are going to be things that are beyond our control, but there are also tried and true steps we can make to feel self-empowered again. Some suggestions are in the link. 💕/nGet out of depression; what you should do when life hits you down- so motivating!/nHad to make somthing that reminded me to enjoy the good times. Underneath it says #Depreasionwon'tbeatme./n'Step up and bet on yourself!'. Powerful motivation from Bob Proctor of 'The Secret'.The #elevate Masters Series was created to showcase powerful works from those we consider to be masters of their craft.
Be grateful and share this with your friends./nI did something scary and created a short video of one of my meltdowns. I then show the steps I use to feel better. :)/nencourage men suffering from depression to speak out (grateful for self ...This is part of my series on finding self-love after my spiral into depression and suicide attempts.  
I used to get so caught off guard by it. By the time I recognized what was happening I was already deep in a bout of depression that might last for weeks or months at a time. *"This again? I thought I was over it! Maybe I'll never be over it..."* 
Daniel, To The Hopeless./nHere's a Sleep hypnosis exercise for insomnia, anxiety and depression that you can listen to tonight as you sleep./nmy unconventional way to ease depressionThis is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years.   
Find whatever gives you a shred of fucking happiness in this world. Take it and run and fuck anyone who judges you for it./nWhy I don't self-harm, and you shouldn't too.DISCLAIMER: I am sad too, Im not putting in the "If you are depressed, just be happy" stereotype.
Those who have an additional diagnosis of depression are encouraged to take part. However, individuals with comorbid intellectual disability or any physical disabilities are not suitable for participation.
Talk to me if you need help... please/nCommon fallacies I've noticed that abusers use to control others/nWhen I battled this for 4 years and I'm finally no longer depressed I decided to help those who still struggle and try to help them,/nDepression and C-PTSD/nHow does one break free of habits? | J. Krishnamurti/nI care.Hey everybody. I've been here a long time, although I guess not very often. Recently I came back and everything was new and shiny and it looks like we're under different management now. Change is scary. I don't know, that's just how I feel. Maybe you do too? It's okay, I just, it can be tough getting used to, y'know?
The most important word of advice I can give on that, is it needs to be something that isn’t based on emotions or other people. For example, I don’t want my Totem to be an ex-girlfriend or even some trinket from a current one (a totem based on the emotion of love). Why? Because feelings and people are generally unreliable as far as being trusted as the overlords of our internal well-being.
I don't know what to do any more. How do I handle someone who is making absolutely no attempt to meet me halfway? It's like she doesn't care about me or my family any more./nIf you tend to feel fatigued, depressed or in pain, try boosting your Vitamin D levelsAccording to a [study](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21310306) from several years ago, 41.6% of adults in the United States are Vitamin D **deficient**, which means high likelihood of feeling fatigued, in pain, and depressed. Especially if you live in areas with low levels of sunlight, or work in a corporate environment, your Vitamin D deficiency could be contributing to depression. 
It stole so many years of my life, so many of my relationships, and got so close to killing me. But that whole time it ran the risk that I might figure out its inner-workings and expose it to the rest of the world. That I might tell other people the weak points and vulnerabilities I found in its system. 
Flash forward, I started college. I landed myself in a large city where I knew absolutely anyone. I know how to speak to people, but I have too much social anxiety to willingly put myself out there and make friends, so I had no place that I really belonged socially. On top of it all, I was taking 17 credits, I had no life outside of my coursework, and my now long-distance boyfriend had dumped me. All I could do was cry myself to sleep every single night at that point, and that’s when I remember everything going downhill. I thought I was at my worst, but little did I know that was just the start.
Im not saying this as in just magically stop, Im saying lock up your knives, blades, razors, lighters, matches, etc. Don't allow yourself to touch them, don't let yourself be tempted, let yourself cry things our other that taking physical action on yourself. Come up with some kind of reward system for not hurting yourself if you need to, If you feel comfortable enough, tell your friends, don't comment that you don't have any, there is always that one person./nI Made a podcast to help in any way that I can.../nHate a job I used to loveI am starting to hate my job. I feel like everyone is out to get me, that they want me to quit. I cant talk to anyone there because they all talk to each other and word gets around. The office politics get to me, and I work no where near that department. I work in a hospital helping patients. I feel like I give all that I have but it is not enough. Nothing I do is ever good enough. 
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3qc2X6EH5c](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3qc2X6EH5c)/nRealest shit I've seen this week/nSet yourself free./nSleep deprived, but I'll make it/nIt's actually getting better!I don't know if this is relevant to this subreddit, I'm just so excited I have to share this with someone.  
Connection often times is one of the most palpable, healing and significant forms of impact that can be found. As one person once told me, 'your tribe knows your vibe.' Whether in person or online, having connection via them, even if they are communities just composed of a few good friends, can be invaluable. As Maya Angelou once said, 'You may forget what a person said to you, what you did with them, but you will never forget how they made you feel'. Like how some migrarial birds such as geese fly in a v and rotate, taking turns flying a the very front of the formation to break and take on the majority of the wind's resistance, in life the world becomes a lot less darker, a lot less harder, when we have others to share it with through the good and the bad. 
That's it!/nMotivational goalsSo recently, I've been picking up drums again, and I'm a lot worse than I was before I hit a depressive wall. Also, I have to prepare for hockey tryouts nex spring. I've been having troubles sleeping at night before, which kind of sucks, because I can't play drums past 7:00pm in my town, so if I stick to the sleep schedule I did, I wouldn't get any time to drum because of work. So now, I've been waking up early, going to the gym, drumming for a while and then working. If it wasn't for my want to be as good as I used to be at drums and get into hockey again, I wouldn't have made the decision to get healthy and also have a healthy sleep schedule.
I'll start off by saying that I am an avid metalhead, so my list may disturb some of you. I find it surprising that songs about the devil, death, brutal beatings, mutilations and religious defilement actually make me feel good inside. Come to think of it, no wonder people stay away from me. Anyways, here's some of the stuff I listen to. Maybe some of you guys will like it, but I doubt it. 
I'm not looking for sympathy here. I don't need it. All I'm asking is that you stay here for me, so I can stay here for you. Being able to help you helps me. If you stay for no else and nothing else.. please.. stay for me. Because I need you to need me.
Equally; when I’ve left food outside the fridge, its gone off. Even if you haven’t personally measured this phenomena; its probable that at some stage in your life you were *told* that leaving food outside means it will go off. You believe this to be real and have no immediate reason to question it. It's not contentious. We can objectively confirm this belief by comparing food in and out of a fridge and checking how quickly microbes and bacteria spread. Some beliefs can be measured; yet some, are more subjective. For instance; *forks*. In China, people believe that the most optimal way to eat noodles in through *chopsticks*. Why is this? Why when presented with a very similar food, people have different beliefs on the best way to consume it? I mean - it's not like spaghetti is massively different to noodles so why don't we largely use chopsticks to eat Spaghetti in Europe or the US? And why aren’t people in China or Japan largely eating noodles with forks? I’ve specifically used this example to highlight that some beliefs aren’t necessarily right or wrong. We just don't question them because they aren't immediately contentious in the societies we are part of. 
If we only learn to smile to a stranger, to stop the fight, to start a relationship, to spark a hope, to embrace with warmth, to speak assurances, to end the war, to give abundance, to pass forward kindness, to allow rest, to share happiness, then maybe we can escape...  
PLEASE UPVOTE. I JUST STARTED USING REDDIT AND IT WOULD BE COOL TO GET SOME KARMA. :)/n10 Ways to Help Someone with Depression/nHow I got through depression... "What if it doesn't get better?" This moment, right now, will always be there for you. ✨🙏/nIf any fellow adult needs regular voice conversations and emotional support, I'll try to do my best (clean chat only)Hey! I'm at such a point in my life where I have time to talk, but a lot of people have normal busy lives, so it's difficult to bond, especially given the time difference. So, my hope is to find a person in a somewhat similar situation (in other words, someone who doesn't have a well-measured, well-adjusted 9 to 5 lifestyle, but who is lost at their life's crosspath).
In front of this realisation, they are 2 schools of thought, nihilism is one, saying that nothing that we do matters in the grand scheme of things so why bother. The other one would be to say that everything we do matters, let’s call it anti-nihilism.
Firstly, I know what you're feeling right now is likely very intense, and there might even be a lot of physical pressure on your body. I know the thoughts in your head might be SCREAMING so loud it's hard to think clearly.
If you're unable to find time to go outside and get natural Vitamin D, try taking 1000 IU of Vitamin D supplements each day. I noticed a radical change in my mood when I did. Hope this helps./nTips for battling depression/anxiety1. Take a walk, walking helps with depression and/or anxiety.
Healing from emotional wounds takes action, but I often get stuck in the  fear or laziness of taking that first step - even though I know I'd  feel way better if I did something. It's good to remind myself that  inner conflicts don't just go away, they require communication, therapy,  totally changing my life by moving or traveling, meditating, finding  forgiveness, eating differently - they require me to take action. I want  to feel good in this life, so I do the work on the road to recovery.  And I can't just try once and then give up, I have to keep going and  trust that working through the initial discomfort will eventually lead  to feeling better. Sometimes multiple conversations are needed,  sometimes switching therapists or trying multiple jobs is necessary -  the healing is there, it just takes effort. 
[If you knew who you are.](https://www.instagram.com/p/BwNrdy8JAf9/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link)/nI started doing small things like this recently. I still keep forgetting to do them. But it's still something./nI feel better after making people happyFor the last few years I've been a total mess and have been on the brink of suicide. I only recently found out a way to make everything so much better. It's really hard to hate yourself or hate your life when you make someone happy. Seeing that smile just made literal years of nothing but stress, pain, shame, and fear lift from my mind. I actually felt *alive* and happy *to be* alive for the first time in years. Everybody functions differently, but for me, this made a huge change. Hopefully someone reading this can make use of what I've said. I'm now in a much better place and if you need somebody to talk to, it would make my day if I could help you./nFinding protective factors against suicide: A research studyHello,
Thanks for listening./nThis man > my therapist/nIn a great mood and I'm enjoying it/nTo those who are suffering todayTo those who are suffering today, suffered yesterday,  or fear they suffer in the future: you matter.  Your life is important and needed, even when it doesn't seem like it.  You are a beautifully complicated creature with depth and perception that matches that of the deepest ocean.  You are once of the soldiers, strong enough to fight the Good fight. 
I'm looking for a FELLOW ADULT (sorry for caps), who's open-minded towards audio conversations (on an app). It could be entirely anonymous (no video), but I'm sadly not huge on texting, hence my preference for voice, which I find to be a more human-like medium and experience. I can understand obvious hesitance that some people could have; from my end I would do everything I could to preserve the sense of propriety and mutual respect.
CHECK OUT J KRISHNAMURTI on What is thinking? Thinker and thought, Observer and the observed, who are you?, memory,consciousness,Thought and time are the root cause/nYou are not alone...Hello everyone,
Years later I got a job as an illustrator. And I'm happy now, well sometimes. But with the right medication I can finally focus on other stuff and I found friends and a loving and patient boyfriend who supports me. It took me years of agony and sadness but I managed to stand my ground. Depression ain't gonna win against me, neither will anxiety. 
Cheers mates!/nSelf-Help Ideas for Depression Treatment | My Depression Treatment/nI struggle with not likely myself and always wanting to change myself, I recently started watching this guy because he is funny , but I feel like he understands that being alone and being depressed hurts , and means so much to me , because I feel like he understands/nLove each and everyone of y’all. Please try to have a good Monday and a happy Monday brothers and sisters/nYou're Going to Be Okay- ASMR for Panic Attacks, Anxiety, Depression, & More/nWhen Mom Is Emotionally Unstable. Seven Ways To Heal./nDepression is not being sadDepression is like being trapped In a box.
https://paindoctor.com/free-therapy-online//nWhat do you need help with most?Hi guys, I am a recovered depressed person. I went through severe depression and anxiety for my whole life up until my recovery over the past few years. I went from being suicidal and self-harming to being the happiest I’ve ever been today. 
[What Depression Really Feels Like (From My Experience)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQzs8xXpfk8&t=8s)/nI made a video talking about what depression really feels like for those of you that don't completely understand.For those of you that would like to know a little bit more about what depression feels like I hope this helps
I love you, stay safe, and drink lots of water today./nLow energy things that can boost your moodI thought it'd be nice to post some non-strenuous things that keep me going when I'm feeling really down. Idk about anyone else but I find sometimes that doing or achieving something small can give me a boost to do harder things like laundry, showering, cleaning etc. Comment your own!
After embracing this in my life, although the load on my shoulder increased, i feel much more fulfilled in my life, maybe not happier, as happiness is so fleeting, but I feel like my life is being fuelled again/nMental illness is not made upThis is my journey with depression [https://notokayisalsookay.wordpress.com](https://notokayisalsookay.wordpress.com/)/n15min of sunlight therapyI read that people can get depress if your not getting enough sunlight...today I purposely go below sunlight for 15min.Vitamin D is what I will get for getting below the sunlight,Hope it is enough and I plan to do this everyday/nHow to boost your Mental Health | Mind Matters by Dr Pankaj Borade: Blog/nMy recorded thoughts on how I handle bad days/nQuick reminderHey guys, no matter how small or big your problem is please remember that there is a problem and it's worth fixing, sure this might be a phase but it's a phase that could kill you, sure there might be people out there that are doing worse but this isn't about them is it? You are suffering and that's what's important, you need to fix this, you need to do something,  this is war and you need to fight. please do what's best for you and look after yourself, drink water, eat a meal and get some sleep/nI find cold shower help with motivationI like taking cold shower,it makes me more motivated to do work.Like,before I go for my jog which I feel it’s not fun,I would purposely take a cold shower then go for my jog.After finishing my jog or work,I would feel about better...anyone here do cold shower too?/ngreat defense against depression (grateful for my support group) - Day 18/n6-tips to creating motivation when depressed1. Choose One Exercise
My dev psych project is making me look at how some event or situation in my childhood effected my development as an adult and that’s why I wrote this. I hope sharing could help someone else to hold on when it seems the darkest in their life. I feel good about where I’m going now. I moved closer to school with my roommates and I’ve gotten involved with politics and fighting for better mental health treatment options for people who need help. I have a BF (we just spent spring break in Toronto meeting his family) and I have real plans for my future. I’m even kinda friends with my Dad and stepmom now. I apologized for how I was back then and I do get now why she did some of the things she did. And for the rest I forgive her. I still have dark days and times with I think I’m losing hope but its way less than before. I still work with my therapist on stuff and I probably always will – and that’s OK. I never want to forget what I went through because it keeps me grounded and aware of what I’m feeling. 
At my lowest, I was physically paralyzed by fear one day, completely convinced that if I so much as blinked my eyes, it would somehow kick my muscles into motion and end with me hanging myself. That was about the point I finally had enough of living that way and knew I needed to find a way out of darkness.
I graduated (finally) and my grandparents said I could stay with them and go to UU. I’m in my third year and (hopefully) graduating next year (BS psych-bahahaha). After that I want to get into their DASH program. I want to become a behavioral therapist and help kids get through stuff like I had to fight with. 
And yes I know how hard it is to eat sometimes. For a month straight I pretty much ate nothing but white bread. But if you can try to build a good habit it will pay off in the long run./n10 things you need to know about Depression/nAppropriating Symbols to Keep Yourself Anchored in Truth & IdentityHey guys, 
You're not in these trenches alone. I know it can feel that way, I know those voices will try so very hard to convince you it's that way, but I promise you it's not true. There are people, not just fighting the good fight for themselves, but fighting for you and for others, because your life has meaning and potential to be something that turns the entire tide in these battles of mental health. There is a legacy in you, you're not just here to suffer and cope until you die.
[Message of Hope, share gratitude, not hate](https://youtu.be/8Z3c2SBSMFE)/nFight Mental Health Stigma By Sharing Your Own Battles With OthersMany of us are putting on a happy face just to please others even when we are feeling sad. Mental illness is a ghostly epidemic affecting 1 in 4 people. The stigma of mental health is making us sicker. We need to talk about it now to destigmatize this topic and help others who are suffering alone.  
The same sword you swing at my neck is the same one I'm going to use to take your head off. So how badly do you want to take the risk? How badly to do you want to take the chance that not only might I survive, but I might expose your whole racket and teach the world how to react to it?
For anyone struggling - it does get better. There is so much help out there and it can take a while to find the right combination, but when you do you'll see things start to look up. Love your friends, trust your meds, find a doctor who will listen to you, and try not to downplay how healing time can be. All the best for your recovery journey ❤️/nMay help someone/nWE ARE ALL ONE, dedicated to us!/nI hope this helps someone/nA little bit of support and info for ppl with anxiety/naffirmation - I smile at strangers (grateful for the light in their eyes)This is part of my series on finding self-love after my spiral into depression and suicide attempts.  
Stay strong and keep going guys./nOnly you are responsible for you./nA message for people that might need itHello. If you are reading this you likely in state of depression/suicidal thoughts. I would like to show you a little guide, from person that went trough it all.
So that’s my long a$$ story. I hope it makes sense and maybe it can help somebody else who is thinking about what their (or their kid’s) future might (or might not) look like./nwhy am i so shy? #hypnosis#/ndarkness, depression and determination (grateful for continuing) - Day 76This is part of my series on working through my own depression after my spiral into suicide attempts.
I suppose, I'm looking for a person who also feels a tad lonely and in need of some emotional support. It'd be great if we could stay in relatively frequent contact. I hope I do not sound very entitled, putting forward all these things about the 'ideal' person to find on here. My rationale is that it might help to give others a perspective on how to structure potential connection (if any, depending on what you think, after finishing reading my post).
"While CBD predominantly has acute anxiolytic effects, some species discrepancies are apparent. In addition, effects may be contingent on prior stress and vary according to brain region. A notable contrast between CBD and other agents that target the eCB system, including THC, direct CB1R agonists and FAAH inhibitors, is a lack of anxiogenic effects at a higher dose. Further receptor-specific studies may elucidate the receptor specific basis of this distinct dose response profile. Further studies are also required to establish the efficacy of CBD when administered in chronic dosing, as relatively few relevant studies exist, with mixed results, including both anxiolytic and anxiogenic outcomes."
Lots of love to the other fighters out there!/nLET GO vs HOLD ONTO/nAre the words of others getting you down? Take your thoughts captive! Replace them with truth!/nAn update for those wonderful kind people who commented on my last post.Thank you all for the advice and help. I am starting to feel better and even had a job interview that went really well earlier today. The morning after I made that post I decided to go for a walk/run and take a shower and that same day I met a girl and we've been talking to eachother almost nonstop since we met. Honestly if I hadn't seen the amount of help from everyone on here (you're all seriously amazing) I'd still be in the same outfit stuck with no motivation. I know I will fall again and get down but I'm going to try and be better when it happens. I'm sorry I didnt PM anyone of you but please feel free to PM me so I can thank you personally for the support./nThis a great communityI like that we can get together to discuss what bothers us. I've been actively studying the cause of my depression since being your own advocate is always the best. That's why I started my own sub where active research is being posted myself and others like me. Can easily be found through my info. I love the idea of having people like me actively researching themselves to get to the bottom of it, rather than just settle and suffer. My goal is to find the number of causes and put in one accessible area not filled with clutter so that eventually more and more people can get the help they need. I wish everyone the best. Stay positive. It's all about that silver lining. Don't forget, you matter./nSpring cleaning can be a wonderful thing 🌸/nIm feeling great about myself!I have never really posted on here yet to be honest.... Just felt like my imput wasnt wanted, but i have been scrolling and getting motivation from all the wonderful people here... My life was falling apart, my depression changed me so much that my girlfriemd left me, my parents cut me out of their lives all together, and the few friends I had have cut me out as well saying that I'm "too toxic and negative". I was at my all time low yesterday and honestly thought it was never going to get better. Today however, I feel like i have purpose, I realized it does get better. I realized this because i finally got a job today as an EMR at the local fire department. I dont feel like a useless waste of space in society anymore, I am better. 
Be grateful and share this with your friends./nHe isn’t all talk this guy, he put his self out their and proved social anxiety can be beat and he did it all on camera./nDumb mental trick for daydreamersThis is going to sound crazy, but fuck it. 
* **Column 3 (Rational Response)**: You are now ready for the crucial step in mood transformation—substituting a more rational, less upsetting thought in the right-hand column. You do not try to cheer yourself up by rationalizing or saying things you do not believe are objectively valid. Instead, try to recognize the truth.  
I have motivation , but at the same time I don't. I am currently seeking professional help and it gets better bit by bit. And music helps too. The most important thing is to never doubt yourself, it gets hard, but you will get through it. And also if it gets too much, please seek professional help. It WILL get better :) Even with anxiety and depression, you can overcome it.
If you want to know why this “king” thing is so important to me, I talk about that in the video. It's not arrogance, though, it's humble, quiet confidence. But that part isn't really relevant to the overall point, so I’ll skip it here!
Otherwise you will end up in cycle where every time you are struggling with say self harm, eating disorders, psychosis some idiot says “once you’ve got a job a purpose you will be cured” so we force ourselves thinking we are gonna get a job and get absolute nowhere or end up getting a job and still having depression and some idiot says quit or suck it up or doesn’t believe that you can have a job and depression at the same time or you are too lazy can’t be bothered.and will quit and choose day time telly and be delighted 😀 your a dole person
I was feeling really guilty this morning for what I have been putting my loved ones through. I almost fell back to where I was a couple of nights ago. But instead, I got out of bed, and just took a shower. Now I’m laying in my moms bed. I haven’t said anything to her. But I’m feeling a lot better now. And I was able to avoid the longing to end my life.  
Back to my current situation with my boyfriend. We’re young. We’re 20 and I’m in college. We don’t want to somehow end up with a child that we could barely take care of. I had an IUD and it expelled itself, so I had to switch to the birth control implant, and it made my depression worse. I don’t believe it caused it entirely, but it damn sure didn’t help it. From then on, things got bad. However, I didn’t feel like I had the option to get it taken out because of my situation. I’m too poor to visit the doctor every few months for new prescriptions due to a high copay and out of pocket expense for filling prescriptions. I have to finish school, and I was essentially out of feasible options, so I had to cope with that dilemma. 
SO what happens when DEPRESSION is actually YOU? when you observe that movement and see that YOU have always acted upon it,resisted it,controlled it,then when all that ends doesnt conflict end? Cause YOU realize that whatever YOU do YOU cant stop that movement of thought, BECAUSE YOU ARE THAT, YOU ARE DEPRESSION
I love all of you, i've been most of you. I've cried because people won't talk to me, I've cried when they do, I've been broken up with, I've broken up and then regretted it.I've lost people, I have self harmed, I have allowed the fates to slowly knaw the string of my life, I've taken the string and almost cut it myself, etc.
- cleaning your glasses/phone properly/nDo you ever just feel angry?I woke up today feeling angry. Angry at nothing and everything. I know I need to meditate and chill out and prepare myself for a busy day...but I just want to sit here on reddit and figure out my brain. I want to listen to music and to the birds.
I went to the off licence yesterday and bought some toothpaste. On my journey, I walked past new strangers, I took a new route, and everything which happened was happening for the first time - I’m now wiser. You are the wisest you’ve ever been and will carry on to be so. That being said, why should you hold yourself to the expectations you gave yourself when you were less wise? Think about it; if a 12 year old comes up to you and said *“You should be married by the age of 30, own this property, have x amount of children, own this type of car and earn x amount of money”* \- You may think “F\*\*k off - what do you know?”. You wouldn't hold yourself to that 12 year old’s expectations so why are we insistent on holding on to some of the expectations we created when were younger? Its okay to have expectations of yourself, however; it’s not okay to suffocate yourself because of them.
I have a long list of artists I can't listen to because they make me irrationally emotional, but once a month or so, I'll crack out the sad tunes and basically, purposefully let the music kill me internally. It's like I want to be overwhelmed with sadness and this is the easiest way to do it without the obvious actual self harming techniques. 
I just started my first full-time job that will possibly turn into a career as a 22-year-old. I've worked part-time in office jobs while I attended college full-time so I'm used to being able to leave early/not have 40-hour weeks M-F. I'll admit, it has been depressing to get used to in these last seven months I've been here. I honestly feel like I'm wasting my life away in an office without fresh air; a prisoner to the economy, especially while trying to keep my head above water here in costly Southern California.
I'm about ready to just delete her number from my phone and ignore her texts, maybe she'll eventually get the hint. I feel like it's a catch 22... if I keep her number it'll just be a reminder that she only wants to talk when it's convenient for her, but if I delete her and show that I'm upset it'll piss off the rest of my family. 
The relationship between opioid abuse and depression is bi-directional, meaning that suffering from one increases the risk of the other. Opioid abuse is defined as using a prescription opioid for non-medical reasons or using it longer or in greater amounts than what was prescribed by a doctor, and opioid abuse has been linked to higher rates of depression.
Thank you for reading, I hope this helps start stacking up the victories. You are stronger than you know right now, and you already have everything you need to conquer these issues. So keep each other encouraged, eyes always set forward, and let's crush this thing!
The same is true for feelings. Not that feelings are bad, but they can be very unpredictable. That makes them unreliable for building sustainable structures on. I don’t want to build the foundation of my identity on how I feel, or on the approval of another person, because I’m not guaranteed to feel that way tomorrow, and that person isn’t guaranteed to still approve of me in the morning. 
Yesterday at work it went particularly bad. My bosses compared my actual self with my 2-years -ago self (the one who was productive, and surely not depressed). Before that conversation I even thought I was doing better than usual lately! 
I am depressed because I feel that people around me doesn't want me or care for me. I do everything that I can do help and give what I have. I work and also watch over the kids. Send them to school and clean the house. I am exhausted but I am still trying./nLittle things that helpWhat’s one small thing that makes you guys happy lately? For me it’s good but I know that’s not great/the most healthy.  Looking for other things/nSome pointers that have helped me (from book "feeling good")**So, I have been reading the book** [**Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy by David D. Burns**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46674.Feeling_Good)**. I have made some notes which have helped me. I wish to share it, hoping it might help others. I would also suggest reading that book. It's a really great book.**
At my lowest, I couldn't remember what hope and happiness felt like it. It was as if any remembrance of hope and happiness outside of bouts of depression was just a dream or a drug trip. It was like a word on the tip of my tongue, every time I would start to get a sense of what it was, it would slip away from me. I couldn't for the life of me remember what it was like to feel happy. 
If depression sneaks in and lays me out, I can still believe I’m a king, even if I don’t feel like one, even if I'm failing to act like it. If a person I was hoping would approve of me doesn’t? I can still say, despite the knot I might be feeling in my chest over rejection, *“You know what? That’s okay, I’m still a king!”* And you wish them well and move on, knowing nothing about who you are has changed, and more importantly, they didn’t have the power to take any of it away.
>*First, you cannot earn worth through what you do. Achievements can bring you satisfaction but not happiness. Self-worth based on accomplishments is a “pseudo-esteem,” not the genuine thing! You also cannot base a valid sense of self-worth on your looks, talent, fame, or fortune. Marilyn Monroe, Mark Rothko, Freddie Prinz, and a multitude of famous suicide victims attest to this grim truth.*   
Now, if failing exams would be the key to happiness, we could make a religion out of that./nYOU ARE WORTH SO MUCH MORE THEN YOU KNOW!!!/nFuck Valentines DayThis is part of my series on finding self-love after my spiral into depression and suicide attempts.  
My most helpful totem is the image of a crown. I have others, but when thoughts and feelings of insignificance and worthlessness come creeping in, the thing that keeps me grounded in reality the most is remembering, *“I’m not worthless, I’m not insignificant, I’m a king.”*
If you have any suggestions about how to make this more therapeutic, let me know! If there's anyway to improve these, let me know! I'm so into experimentation and exploration. Let's experiment together!
Much love to y'all, good luck./nMental Illness Treatment | Family Psychiatry Paramus/nJudgment/nWant daughter to have positive internal dialogue instead of my screwed internal dialogue./nMy method of "living in the present."TL;DR create positive affirmations for each day of the week to begin building an overall more optimistic mindset. Here's my example.
I generally stick with a format/template for a few months, and then when I emerge out of my depression, I find I need it less and less. I eventually drop it, because I don't need it anymore. Then I get depressed again. Then I start up with a new format (I've cycled through about 10 so far) and work my way out of depression again. This time around, I think I'm going to do my best to stick with this, even when I'm feeling well. Maybe that will make it harder for me to fall into depression. Maybe it'll make me feel more resilient. I took a DBT outpatient program years ago, and I really liked the worksheets, but found that I wish they were a little customizable.
The most powerful weapon I’ve ever forged in my fight against depression is building a strong foundation on truth and identity: something I can insist on, sometimes stubbornly, sometimes aggressively, no matter what’s going on in me or around me. And then I find or create symbols and images that represent those foundations, so a simple glimpse in times of trouble can give me everything I need to remember to stay on top of it.
I was in depression this morning and did not get up until about 9:30 am, so I missed the sunrise again, but here I am, its' sunset down at Glebe Island, we can just see the Harbour Bridge in the background under Glebe Island Bridge  
Protect your own space from the nasty fckers, guys./nJust a recomendation and plz watch before comenting/nI told my mum how I was feelingIt wasnt in the way I wanted, or at the right time, but i think it was for the best. It was pretty tough seeing my mum cry like that, but if anyone is in the same position as I was, just be open, youll never find 'the right time' or 'the right place'. Thanks for all the help, guys/nPsilocybin clinical trials for treatment resistant depressionJust read an article saying that the FDA approved clinical trials to test the effects of shrooms for treatment resistant depression. This gives me some hope that they are trying to find new treatment methods...it’s getting difficult to keep living like this and for many years I was angry that nothing was helping. 
Now I recognize it as soon as it starts creeping in. I hear that first initial thought attempting to trigger the reactionary feelings that would open the door to more thoughts and more feelings (that perpetual downward spiral), and I can go, *“Oh! It’s just that thing trying to get in. I know you!”* 
**I will share more notes soon!**/nMake friends with people like him/nhow does sleep affect depression (grateful for 9 hours sleep) - Day 61This is part of my series on finding self-love after my spiral into depression and suicide attempts.  
* **Feelings Aren’t Facts**: Even though your depressing thoughts may be distorted, they nevertheless create a powerful illusion of truth. Unpleasant feelings merely indicate that you are thinking something negative and believing it. Your emotions follow your thoughts just as surely as baby ducks follow their mother. But the fact that the baby ducks follow faithfully along doesn’t prove that the mother knows where she is going!
Yesterday I had a deep cleaning with a new dentist in the medical office I work in. She continuously complimented me on my flossing and how well I’ve been taking care of my teeth. It was the best feeling I’ve felt in a while. Depression can make you do the stupidest things. But it’s possible to reverse the consequences. I’m so grateful for pushing through. Recovery is never linear but in this moment I feel like I can conquer anything.  
A bit more about me: Depression issues and anxiety; not really vehemently into intersectional social justice and a bit socially conservative (but I am not a bigot, I would never take into any kind of consideration your gender identity, race, etc.); do not play any videogames. I'm a bit of a bookworm, and I tend to talk about lofty, ivory tower ideas, but some have told me that I do possess a sense of humour (which is probably amongst the most subjective types of assessments).
I spent two hours planting them in tubs and pots. Who knows if all of them will survive? Who knows what they will look like if they do? (I've no idea what they are, lucky dip purchase) What I do know is that I'm glad they are done, I'm glad I got out of bed, I'm glad I didn't let them die. If any survive and actually flower I'll post a picture to show that a little bit of effort makes a difference later! 
*"Happy Saturday,"* this is your day off, maybe do some chores while you have the time, make your living space comfortable and pleasant/peaceful. Or just take it off and do some self-care either mentally or physically. Take that day-trip you've been saving up for, or stay home knowing it's a frugal choice!
There's a reason it wants you dead, and it's not because it gives a single shit about how you feel. "You wouldn't have to feel like this if you were dead!" Sure. And I wouldn't get the pleasure and the privilege of watching you lose everything you've built to torment humanity if I was dead, so living is the only option. 
"Please remember and know this, ''That you are here - that life exists, and in identity; that the powerful play goes on and you too may contribute a verse'.' Further, as Rumi said, 'The wound is the place where light enters,' and 'You are not a drop in the ocean, but an ocean in a drop.'
The fight is not easy, nor is it ever in my experience, but you have people who care about you in the world, whether be over the expanse of the worldwide web or that you know in person, and to them you are important, significant, and they are always willing to help you.
[http://discord.gg/dBKTzh](http://discord.gg/dBKTzh)/nTo all my friends and fellow fighters, if you're considering suicide please just hear my message, please.Wait buddy I know it feels like there is no way out of this, but the way you're feeling right now will change if you give it some or  months of time.
* **Column 2 (Cognitive Distortion)**: Using the above list of cognitive distortions, see if you can identify the thinking errors in each of your negative automatic thoughts. *For instance, “I never do anything right” is an example of overgeneralization. Write this down in the middle column.*
Jobseeking is sad ☹️ feel sad for a day, fed up a bit unmotivated bored, this is normal ....../nHave any of you ever tried ECT(Electro Convulsive Therapy) or TMS(Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) instead of therapy and/or pills? 📷&#x200B;
“Worthiness”, is one of such beliefs. It’s an abstract belief we do not actively talk about and have (unfortunately) largely relied on parents, peers, siblings, and strangers to define it on our behalf.  When we don’t meet their \[and society’s\] unrealistic and ever changing expectations; - we feel worthless. 
Having expectations for yourself isn’t inherently a bad thing. Expecting yourself to meet specific targets  gives you drive. However, what you expect of yourself can also be detrimental to your health. I’ll elaborate:
Hang in there/nTime stands still on Tuesday, January 27th 2015. I was left behind after the suicide of my first true love. I am still so lost, trying to find meaning in all of this. Much love to every single one of you./nDay 1 back on BuproprionHi all, 
My doctor said that I have developed severe depression and she gave me some SSRI-s and xanax for my panic attacks. They helped me a lot. but the pain remained, While everyone slowly started to move on, I just stayed there, with the same mindset.
Rather than having to write that down everywhere and read it if I get bombarded out of nowhere, it’s easier to sum it all up in a symbol; so all it takes is one glance at the image and it speaks all of the truth I need to hear. 
My grandparents got involved and decided I should go to rehab or whatever (I was NOT using BTW). I won’t say where they sent me first it was one of those troubled teen wildnerness bootcamp BS places in the middle of nowhere. They actually made me clean out horse stalls. YEEHAWWWW. I will write about all that someday but that’s not the important part. My grandma came to visit me there once and saw what it was like, so she brought me back to their house. Her and my grandpa got into a big discussion about it because he wasn’t happy she brought me back from the horse farm. They sent me to a therapist who said I needed meds for depression. When I said I didn’t want meds, the therapist convinced them to send me to another residential treatment program for girls. They agreed to pay for it but they didn’t want it to be too far away this time so they could check up on me more. They wouldn’t tell me where they were sending me but my imagination kicked into high gear. I almost ran away the night before I was supposed to go. This was two months after I my 16th and all I wanted to do was escape my life and whatever hell I was going to this time. I also seriously thought about doing something way worse that night.
I  have several friends who swear that TMS and ECT saved their lives. They  find traditional therapy of talking to someone for an hour and taking  antidepressants to be useless. TMS is basically a magnetic pulse that  hits the front left side of your brain and rewires the electric signals  in your brain to fight depression. It's extremely effective for many  people, but I have a theory that big pharma would rather most people not  know about it since it cuts into their profits. ECT is more invasive because they put you to sleep, but they are both FDA approved to fight  depression. Do you guys have any experiences/opinions/questions or would you  perhaps be interested in either of these treatments as an option?/nThe difference between sympathy, empathy, and compassion&#x200B;
I'm far from done with this journey.  I won't be until I've shuffled off this mortal coil.  None of us are finished products.  We all need work.  I'm tired of acting like I have everything together.  The energy it takes to remain under the crushing weight of depression is so much more than the energy required to find healing and health.  Take the steps necessary to change your life NOW.  We aren't promised tomorrow.  All we have is today.  Seize the day and start a change in your life./nThank you allI few weeks ago I posted needing support and this is my update. I went through some horrible things and had to do things to keep myself going. I was clouded by fear and emptyness I just kept tripping and falling g deeper. I then proceeded to try to commit Suicide by OD and failed. Doctor said if I had 5 more mg it would've done it. But he said "You may be dead right now mentally but your body physically fought to live. Showing that you can still find peace" Which changed me. IT MADE ME FEEL EMOTION. IT MADE ME SMILE. IT MADE ME REBIRTH INTO WHAT I AM NOW. I still have dark times but I know I can always get up and Fuck the World. And so no I'm here tpying to in hope that one person will see this and give them hope or feelings to live and go another day. To give them the motivation j was starved of for years and what costed me friendships. It will be hard guys . You will have to make hard decisions and may have to cut relations . YOU MAY EVEN HAVE TO REBIRTH YOURSELF SPIRTUALLY. BUT YOU MUST ALWAYS KEEP FIGHTING I BELIEVE IN YOU ALL! ❤️ Also S/O to u/ellisstone for getting me though this/nAt around 4:20 mark he shows his wrist scars, he is truly trying to help people like him self. Check him out/nThere is hope, it will always beHey! Hope you're doing good guys! I have thought  on writing this article for a pretty long time so here it is (hope it will help at least some of you) .
I was devastated, and I was hurt at a level that I've never been hurt in my life, and it has been not the only thing, but the basis for sure, of the depression that I have had over the last two and half years.
If you are interested in taking part, please follow this link where you will find the requirements and a link to the survey: [https://www.callforparticipants.com/study/9V95V/studying-the-impact-of-depression-on-quality-of-life-for-adults-with-autism](https://www.callforparticipants.com/study/9V95V/studying-the-impact-of-depression-on-quality-of-life-for-adults-with-autism)
9. Get enough sleep/nI’ve been severely depressed most of my life. I’ve finally cleaned my room after a month of neglect. You’ve got this! Don’t give up! It seriously does get better!/nWe must defeat it. Not for us. For humanity. For the future./nIt will get betterAn arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards. When life is dragging you down with difficulties, it means it’s going to launch you into something great. So just focus and keep aiming.🖤/nIt was a challenging week for me. My faith have been put into test. Nevertheless, i didn’t come this far only to come this far, my faith is made perfect in my weakness & no matter how hard it will hit me, I will always stand up hundreds or a thousand times , even if I have to do it alone!/nRiding the wave can be difficult/nI'm just so doneI hate life so much right now. This girl that was talking to for almost about 4 months now started dating this random guy out of now where, like we talk all the time even hang out, I just didn't really feel like it was time to ask her out on a actual date yet. Then today the worst thing happened in my life, all of the sudden  I see her holding hands with some random dude that I didn't even know who he was. I tried texting  her and everything but no response. I'm gonna try and talk to her tomorrow and congratulate her but also I'm gonna be depressed as fuck. I just really liked her and out of no where poof their goes my chance. She's super nice, pretty, and all around a good person. I just really wish this day never happened and I could go back to yesterday to ask her out. Like why choose him over me? I've never even met the guy and he already seems like a douche. Whatever, fuck this, what's the point of living when people just go and ruin it for you. FUCK. THIS./nHealing emotional wounds is uncomfortable, but the short sting beats losing your mind to a lifetime of despair.Been writing a daily affirmation for myself each morning when I wake up - I check in with what I need for the day and I've found it really helpful. Last night I finally got to talk to a friend I've been feeling a lot of hurt over, it's not all better, but certainly just being able to have a conversation helped.   
So what is the solution? Can there be a solution from that basis,when the thinker himself IS Depression,the past memories are actually in the brain itself,then the response to that is thinking, all that is the vital movement of depression:self doubt,suppression,control,fighting over your thoughts,trying endlessly to do something,so the brain itself looses tremendous energy thats why we are so tired!
If by any means, you are close to person, that is/you think is depressed or want to commit suicide, there is one thing that helps the most. It’s empathy. Sometimes listening to thoughts, cries or whatever lies on their heart will help them significantly.
Then I realize I should try to keep things together.  To make life better for both of us. Because we’re in it for life together? I’m not sure, maybe we just get reassigned a new Depression Counterpart if one of us dies. 
Classmates will always be competitive and a lot of people may see my grades as bad but I think it's important to me to see that I did this.  I went from forcing to drop out to getting class average and in some cases above class average.  I still have a long way to go in terms of healthy coping and habits.  But I wanted to share this because I'm happy and I really hope someone out there sees my story as a sign that things can get better.  It sure is hard when all you see is downhill and there's no certainty on where you're heading.  But keep at it you guys, I'm here for you./nhuge improvement in depression after three weeks on anti-depressantsMy journey of depression has been going for more than two years, and at the moment we're 68 days into gratitude bridge.
It is crucial to write down your automatic thoughts and rational responses; do not try to do the exercise in your head. Writing them down forces you to develop much more objectivity than you could ever achieve by letting responses swirl through your mind. It also helps you locate the mental errors that depress you.
\*\*\*We are located in Northern Virginia. We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication/ supplies/ training. There is no stigma. It can be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Send me a private message for more information. Please, pass this message along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Save a life. Thanks! <3
* you don't have to be good at art, or have good handwriting (look at mine, it's terrible), you just have to try! It really doesn't need to look perfect, or like it was ripped from pintrest or IG, it just needs to be functional for you.
Sticking to recovery has been the hardest most un-gratifying thing I've done in my life. But I'm sticking to it! I'll still take all the small steps, and whatever it takes. And whenever I'll start to question it, I'll have this to look back at, and know it works, it just takes time and patience.  
Giving 100% as a functioning person and giving 100% as a depressed person are *not* the same thing. We tell ourselves that we’re pathetic, weak, and not good enough, when in fact, were fighting harder than the functioning people, it just looks like less. 
Rosie/nNeville helped me so much in bad times. This is a great video and i hope it will help at least somebody. Everything exists at the SAME TIME - Neville Goddard | TEST IT/nWe have to practice positive self-talk/nHERE’S MY STORYOkay, so I don’t really know if this is exactly the place for this, but I just want to share my entire experience and recovery. 
Also, just so you know, you can make whatever you want. You can do this in addition to your worksheets. You can do something close to this. You can make a sheet based off these principles that look completely different.
In the movie Inception, they go into the dream world. It’s revealed that the longer they stay there and the deeper they go the more they risk losing the ability to distinguish between what’s real and what’s a dream. 
I mentioned from my experience in high school about hurting myself, and that urge to hurt myself returned yet again. I did it enough times to drive my boyfriend crazy. I was putting weight on him to be responsible for me, and eventually he had to call the police in fear that I’d go too far. The police comes and I get forced into the ER and admitted to the psychiatric ward. If any of you all have been to one of those, you’ll understand that it’s one of the worst places to find yourself. It’s not fun. They take your cell phones and basically all of your freedom. You get the help you need faster, but it’s still a miserable experience. Not only that, but I was scared shitless as there were individuals there that were a threat to me. One guy had to be watched by two people at a time to ensure that he doesn’t try to hurt someone else (because apparently he had a history of that in the facility). 
I don’t talk about my life that much because I’m a private person. Plus alot of my friends and alot of the other girls at Eva Carlston had situations that were WAY worse than mine. I had my grandparents, who cared enough to make me do what needed to be done (after the horse s\*\*t place anyway). I got pretty lucky at Eva Carlston too. I know some kids have bad experiences in residential treatment centers but, FWIW, I got out of it way more than what I put in. Some of that could have been the location and not being stuck out in bumble but for me it was probably better than getting put on meds or going to jail or whatever else I was heading for.
* you can really put anything in here. I put STRUCTURE, SWEAT, NOURISH, RELAX, SELF-LOVE, because those are keywords that mean something to me. I've noticed that when my day is structured, I do better. So in that box, I write down how I broke up my day, how I left the house, how I took a break for lunch.... whatever.
I just needed to get this out there and tell someone, I dont really have anyone to open up to./nLeave your mark on the world, not on yourselves.You know you are more intelligent than those around you. People like us don't just accept what's handed to us like sheep. There's no place for free  thinkers in this world. That's fine. We don't need to be approved. We never were. We just have to carve our names on this world before we go, like scars that cannot be hidden. Live. Fight. Survive. And leave your mark for all to see. I don't believe in religion but death comes for us all, and I truly believe that what we do if this life will impact the next if there is one. What that next life will be we can never discover. So you can't argue that your actions now won't affect that life. One thing I know we can carry on is our conscious. Maybe what we learn from this life will have worth there. 
Anyone over 16 years of age and fluent in English can take part. If you decide to participate we will ask you to complete an online questionnaire now, and then (if you’re willing to do so) again every month for the next two months. The questionnaire should only take around 20-25 minutes to complete, but you can take as long as you need. Some of the questions will ask about current mood, any suicidal thoughts or self-harm. If there is a chance that this could be triggering, there is no obligation to take part and there is always the option to stop the questionnaire at any time. Any answers you give within the questionnaire are completely confidential and anonymous.
Anyway, I started feeling depressed in high school. I ended up hurting myself plenty of times, and I got caught doing so that’s when I had no choice but to try therapy (and I’m glad I did for the time being). I don’t know what exactly triggered it; I know part of it was genetic as multiple close family members also were diagnosed and treated for it, as well as possibly trauma-based from losing a parent at a young age. I went to therapy throughout most of my high school years to manage it. Back then, it was pretty manageable. It sucked feeling down so often, but at the same time, going to therapy weekly helped me release my emotions in a more healthy way. 
This hopeful feeling isn’t going to last, but I want to get it down so I can look back tomorrow and remember. Maybe I can inspire someone with my words. Whoever you are, person reading this, take care of yourself. Thanks for reading./nI found help!I had been in an impossible rut for several decades. To be honest, I thought that's how the rest of my life was going to be. Down and out no matter what. Suicidal ideation, self harm, the works. I hit an extraordinary low and began reaching out all over the place for help. Even more than usual. I was afraid of myself. In the midst of all this I met a psychiatrist. The rare kind who actually wanted to help instead of just giving me whatever drug I told them I needed. And that's where my leaf actually began to turn. See, everyone else always told me it was just treatment resistant depression and that was that. My new doctor took a look at my history (and played some pretty weird mind games with me) and came to a startling conclusion. I'm not depressed at all. Well, at least not only depressed. I'm bipolar!! Type 2 to be specific with a tendency toward depression as opposed to mania. That's why nothing was ever working. 30 years of barking up the wrong tree!  Believe me, I was not happy about the news at first: "What the fuck do you mean I'm bipolar? Have you not been listening to me this while time?" The signs were there: good grades that dropped way off as a younger person despite ability, a low tolerance for those I didn't like, a very short fuse, overall intensity, crudeness, and so much more. But how would I have known? Everyone else just said I was depressed and a little weird. I never really questioned it. I'm on a pretty heavy mood stabilizer now and have been for a couple months. Intrusive thoughts have dropped considerably and a ton more positive changes. Things aren't perfect and they never will be but damn are they looking up!/n6 Tips To Get Motivated When You're Feeling Depressed1. Set the bar LOW.
Its like a cat chasing its own tail trying to stop it,when all effort is gone then the movement stops! Then the cat relaxes,then it realizes it was depression itself all along and chased its own tail trying to do something about it,
* I know doing this everyday seems a bit of a drag, but I find the practice of making these boxes really soothing and meditative. It's a practice. It's like I'm investing in myself, the more work I do.
Ever since, I’ve been experiencing the worst depression I’ve had in forever. The rollercoaster I’ve been riding for the last week brought me to the point of wanting to just end it all a few nights ago. 
Anyway, all that stuff, it left a really, really big hole in my heart. I tried and I tried to fill it up. I tried to fill it with everything you can think of. I poured alcohol into that hole. I poured drugs into that hole. I asked god to fill up that hole. 
My favorite, even more so than Saturday, ***"HAPPY FRIDAY!"*** Everyone is happy that it's Friday, maybe some people have begun their weekends early, I'm in my comfortable, favorite clothes. We've worked hard all week and we've made it! I make a big ass deal out of this and celebrate myself. Maybe order a pizza or have a cookie. You **deserve** this happiness. Make some plans to watch a good movie at home or go out if that's your thing. This is what you've been waiting for, enjoy this WHOLE day, even if you spent eight hours of it in your office.
Yesterday I found it interesting when I posted a daily video on the Australia subreddit, that a lot of people commented negatively that it was some sort of promotion of an App, you're out there to make money or whatever it was they were thinking.
My mother never stressed the importance of seeing the dentist. Of course, she would tell me to brush my teeth and occasionally yell at me when I went multiple days without brushing. Mostly, she never explained to me why it was important or the consequences of neglecting my teeth. My mother was also a drug addict so as I got older, any attempt she made at parenting I rebelled against. As a teenager I didn’t see how my rebelling would only create a definite problem into adulthood.
Fast forward to 21 and I finally made it into a dentist. I had two dental experiences where I was shamed for what I had done. I left in tears both times but I did it. I had finally had a cleaning and started taking better care of my teeth. Until my depression set in, and old habits die hard man. 
But today I enjoyed my life. And I hope some of you did too. If you didn’t...just know a good day is coming. They always do./nIts okay to have bad days/ndo you have trouble reaching out or supporting people with depression?This is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years. 
Rosie/nSong I wrote about losing my brother... it’s not the best but I hope it shows people how suicide hurts the ones you love the most . <3/nI think I finally figured out lifeI used to think I am not amazing I am not worthy of love and affection and what not. I used to be consumed in negative thoughts. Now I have realized I don't have to be extraordinary for someone to love me. I just have to be me. Because every person deserves to be loved and respected for who they are. If you are alone, don't be sad. You are alone because you are strong enough. Before someone else loves you, you need to love yourself. Go take a walk somewhere you will see life is worth living. Whatever seems wrong right now, won't feel wrong in a month or two. You are a good person and you deserve love and respect just for being you. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise./nHow to get cheap therapy-Call around and ask for pro bono sessions
Thank you!/nHow to understand depression/nWe are all one/nMusic as a coping mechanismI don't know this is the best way to go about things, but usually I listen to music in order to get myself out whatever funk I'm in. If you're like me then this [playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6ottKyYO88dgmdLl35ZAzW) could be for you. It's comprised of lofi music with very human and relatable subject matter. I know listening has helped me feel a little better when I'm down./nFeeling positive..So I posted a couple months ago about how I finally called to make an appointment to get into therapy. I've had two appointments so far and this time I mentioned that I'm literally a crazy person before my period. my therapist mentioned PMDD and we read the definition in the DSM-5 and I'm like pretty positive that's what I have. I just feel so relieved that someone listened to me about these symptoms and I'm finally going to get control over this. Just had to share....if you're contimplating going to therapy PLEASE GO!!!/nTime is depression-J Krishnamurti/nCBT HelpHi All,
Don’t hold yourself to the standards of a functioning person! Accept that the episode is happening, and accept that for a bit, winning may be just as simple as taking care of basic necessities or accomplishing a single, small task. 
I appreciate any ideas!/nPulling myself out of the pit...at least for a bitI felt lighter today mentally. I love these days. After a long depressive cycle I am finally pulling myself out of the deep dark pit of depression. The last few weeks have been torture in my own head. I am not suicidal, but I was spending a lot of time wishing I would die naturally. Some quick accident that would end the pain. 
Every time I want to jump off a cliff—- ok, is it #1 and/or #2 and/or #3? *Why* do I feel this way and what can I do to help myself or put it into perspective ?/nCBD Oil, is it bogus ?I heard everyone talking about how great CBD oil is, and the curious little guy that i am couldn't help but look into it, so i compiled a lot of research (linked at the end of my post)
Alexis/nAnyone need to chat??G'day guys, I'm here if anyone wants to chat, it may take me a little while to reply but I will always reply to what you send. Please, if you need a nerd to talk to, I'm that nerd. 
If my head is full of suicidal thoughts? I’ve already decided in the times of peace that I will stay alive just to irritate the shit out of Death. When it comes whispering in my ear, *“Just roll over and die! You wouldn’t have to feel this way anymore if you weren’t alive! It’ll be over before you know it! People will only be sad about it for a little bit, and then they’ll move on!”* I’ve already decided, *“Whatever you are, you sure seem to want me out of here real bad. I bet you’re even a little pissed off, maybe even scared every second I’m still alive… so you know what? I’m going to stay alive just to annoy you, just to torment you the way you’ve tormented me, just to keep that power over you that you wish you had over me. Thanks for giving me a reason and a purpose to live."*
If the thoughts and feelings have no power, that means you do. Do you know why bipolar, ptsd, depression, and all these things try so hard to get us to kill ourselves? Because they lack the power to do it for us. The whole goal is for us to be dead and gone, for the potential our life has to contribute something good to this world to be ripped away from history. But those things have no power to do it, so the only thing they can do is try to talk us into it, and pressure us with feelings, and scream at us through thoughts.
I've heard people say that some people know when they are going to die, and you can see it in their eyes. That's how I felt after dealing with it for so long. I don't know how to explain it, but I could feel the end getting closer, and every day that went by felt like a countdown, and it wasn't going to be very long.
I have dedicated my life to showing others how to identify the exact thing or set of things, that is keeping us stuck in Depression.  I am offering one free session and it is very possible it will be the only session you will ever need.  I want nothing from you but to see you feel better and if you decide to continue your progress, I will help you find support that matches your budget.
&#x200B;/nThis is what my depression fight looks like, and deleted all social media freed me/nIt feels silly to celebrate; but I got out of bed, showered, and dressed before the sun went down today! 😊I stopped taking my meds last week (adderall) because my tolerance grew and I don’t want to up my dosage. 
The recommendations from my algorithm have been helpful to me and to others. So I run it for other people for free (it's a strange hobby I know, but I like to do it). I have to put the data in manually, so I use google forms to collect your info and I enter it manually later. You can fill it out totally anonymously.
If you are hurting or if you are posting about suicide, please, please know you are loved. I don't mean that all in the general "oh someone would cry if you died" way, but that i would personally grieve. I've seen all of your stories, I've talked to some of you, please don't give up.
I've been on a intense journey to recovery for the past month without really seeing progress. And when I say intense, I mean every second has been dedicated to getting better. But all of the steps I've took didn't actually make things better, but rather just prevented me from harming or killing myself. Basically I've stayed in the sattle while still being terrorised. And it never felt worth it, until now! 
Over the next couple of years I finally found a small town dentist that was very kind to me. He understood my story and helped me get on the right track. It’s been about two years since I started really taking care of my teeth.
She enrolled in school, which I'm proud of her for. She turns her phone off per teacher requirements, but never remembers to turn it back on. She texts me most nights, and I can almost recite her texts verbatim. However, as soon as she sends her text, she turns it back off. 
It doesn't really matter about the haters, this vlog is really about dealing with recovery of mental health issues, especially that around depression and to give other people a little bit of hope in the idea of gratitude techniques that they can use to deal with their depression.
6. MAGNIFICATION (CATASTROPHIZING) OR MINIMIZATION: You exaggerate the importance of things (such as your goof-up or someone else’s achievement), or you inappropriately shrink things until they appear tiny (your own desirable qualities or the other fellow’s imperfections). This is also called the “binocular trick.”
So we are learning to strengthen ourselves on strong foundations, instead of foundations like feelings, moods, relationships, other people's opinions, and things that are constantly shifting from day to day, moment to moment. There's nothing wrong with any of those things by themselves or in their proper context. But in the context of building core foundations for a healthier inner-person, none of those things stay still long enough to keep a house from falling over.
DO NOT WATCH “MOTIVATIONAL” VIDEOS. They will drive you to depression even harder. “SoMeBoDy HaD wOrSeR iN lIfE” isn’t a valid argument!! Do not listen to those people! They don’t know anything about mental pain. Of course, children in Africa are starving, but what does windmill have in common with nasa? Secondly you shouldn’t watch/read/listen to something that pisses you off, just don’t.
What are you grateful for?/nMiserable hours. 150 songs - 9 hours of highs and lows perfect for solo drives, late nights and relaxation. When the sun sets, miserable hours rises. All genres Jorja, Lana, Billie, Marina, The NBHD, Shiloh, Milky Chance. chill songs help you think & appreciate yourself. Follows appreciated x/nToday I will be meeting Up with an old friend for the first time in forever.I haven't hung out or gone  since my depression got worse about 6 months ago. I have been fighting hypomanic depression for about  6 months and normal depression for many years before that. I have pushed any friends I may have kept away in the past year. Everyday feels like a losing battle to the racing, maddening manic but depressed thoughts with my low energy.But today even after going to school I am managing to not stay home and going out. My friend of long time reached out to me over social media concerned about me, and today I am going to let them in. I am going to share my struggles and not lie and say I'm fine. I am going to see the sun and catch up with an old friend.  Not lock myself away in my room to "study." I am going to chat and hang out with a person in real life.
Ill talk about societal expectations and the other mentioned topics at a later stage. live./nNAMI offers classes for families of those with mental illness in Buffalo & Erie County/nExpectations and depressive episodes**This perspective has helped me with severe, sudden episodes: **
You are too hard on yourself. The only consistent expectation you should hold of yourself is staying alive. We may not know the immediate purpose of our existence but your body definitively knows that you should be alive - hence why your heart is beating. You’ve met and continue to meet your own expectation to be alive. For that, you should be proud yourself.
Long story short, I didn’t do anything stupid. They took me to a place called Eva Carlston Academy. At first, it seemed like total BS there because they had all these programs that I had to participate in and I had to live in a house with a bunch of other girls and a million BS rules. Seriously it made my stepmom look lowkey by comparison. Literally every minute of my life was structure there and I hated it. But after awhile I didn’t hate it as much. And then stuff I was hearing in therapy there started making sense to me. I figured out that the family teachers (that’s what they call the house moms at Eva Carlston) were actually decent if I wasn’t being a total brat to them. Yeah, I still think their family meetings are dumb but I got to spend a lot of time in the art room and I learned how to play guitar some (I still remember how to play most of Roar :-D). I started working out too, which I know helped me so much. (I’ve started getting into power lifting at UU but that’s another story) TBH I think the most important thing I got out of my time there was how respect effects peoples lives and how much we all deserve respect and owe it to others. 
I'm encouraged.  I found this group last week and have posted a couple of times on here since.  Just being able to put this out into the world anonymously and get feedback has truly helped.  Take me as an example.  The positive reinforcement that you fine folks send out through the internet into people's inboxes helps.  It makes a difference.  Be a difference maker for someone today.  
I suffered alone for too long and I want us all to support and help eachother. Post your battles with mental health below./nIf you havent watched this yet, you should./n(suicide tw) what should I do with my old suicide notes?I'm clearing out my room (finally) and found suicide notes I wrote years ago. They are at least 6 years old and thanks to medication and therapy I don't feel like that any more. They are in sealed envelopes and I definitely don't plan on reading them - I think there might be something cathartic in burning them, or destroying them in some way,  though I am a little worried that making a big deal of getting rid of them might cause some old feelings to resurface and make me panic. Has anyone done anything like this, and did it help?
Get it? Your life is so much more important and so much more impactful than depression will allow you to accept. But we'll endure and we'll conquer. And I know that doesn't make it more *fun* to go through these things, but I hope it gives you something to hope for. Something to look forward to on the other end, an anchor of sorts that you can grab onto and let it pull you back up to the surface.
One important point I haven't mentioned yet is I’ve learned to be very intentional about making these choices and perspectives a foundation outside of the storm. So if the storm does come I’m already prepared to deal with it.
* **Column 1 (Automatic thought)**: Write down all those hurtful self-criticisms you make when you are feeling worthless and down on yourself. *For example, “I never do anything right,” and “Everyone will look down at me.” Write these thoughts in the first column.*   
Thanks!/nRobin Williams, Anthony Bourdain, Kate Spade and countless others; we have no cure for depression and suicide. My contribution is a playlist of good vibed music. Not all of it is positive but just gives you a good feeling. With over 500 songs available on iTunes and Spotify; Uplifting Classics./nThis post that got deleted from /r/depression, my strategy for that overcame my depression***Do not click the link if you're vulnerable or you cannot tolerate any drastic changes to the way things are and you're looking for emotional support only***. 
In his book, Frankl describes the horror he and his fellow inmates endured in the concentration camps, and he noticed something, those who didn’t have hope for the future, those who thought it was all pointless were always the first ones to die off in the intense labor camps. 
What are you grateful for?/nGuided sleep meditation to help with anxious thoughts, rumination and insomnia/nWhen Is The Best Time Of Day To Meditate? We Conducted A Study To Find Out!/nA journaling system that really helped me, and might help you?&#x200B;
[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/30571957/?i=5&from=cbd%20depression](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/30571957/?i=5&from=cbd%20depression)/nEverything is awful and I'm not okay/n21 Things You Shouldn't Say To A Depressed Person/nfinding meaning in life despite severe pain and depressionFinding meaning in life despite severe pain and depression:
I am a Master’s student and as part of my dissertation project I am conducting a study on the impact of depression on quality of life for autistic adults. This will involve completing an online survey which will take approximately 30 minutes.
ps - i eventually wanna have more links/resources for the page itself. i'll add that when i get some more free time./nIf you're glued to your bed right now...Take a second. Breathe in, breathe out. Remind yourself that being idle will not solve any of your problems. 
If in the end if I can punch my maker in the face for all the bullshit he threw my way, that's enough for me./nIts Bipolar Awareness Day 💕/nIt's okay./nTaking care of myself is finally paying off.Apologies in advance for syntax, grammatical, spelling, or any other type of error. 
Anyone over 16 years of age and fluent in English can take part. If you decide to participate we will ask you to complete an online questionnaire now, and then (if you’re willing to do so) again every month for the next two months. The questionnaire should only take around 20-25 minutes to complete, but you can take as long as you need. 
If you grow up with someone, you don’t notice them changing until you look at photos of them in the past. If you live with someone who goes to the gym; you may not notice their incremental gains until a situation arises whereby their physique is put into question (i.e - them trying on a new shirt).The same applies for your mind; you’ve grown up with your mind since birth, and into your adulthood. In the same way you don’t notice the people you see everyday changing; you’ve probably never paid attention to the wisdom you’ve accumulated over the years and just how much you’ve changed. You aren’t the same as you were yesterday and you’ll be different tomorrow, wiser. For instance, last night I was turned away from a club because I was “dressed too casual”. This morning; I’ve woken up with knowledge that the club in question has a dress code which I didn’t meet, I’m now wiser. 
I haven't posted here in a while (actually, the account I used to post here with accidentally got deleted a few months back, so everything I did post here is gone!). But I had some free time at work today(yesterday by the time I finish writing this) and I wanted to use it to share a helpful strategy I've been developing and using over the years to keep myself ahead of depression, anxiety, and other mental struggles.
Ok, so that's established, my first individual session was today.  Over the past couple of weeks since our separation I've had an inordinate amount of time to ruminate on my issues and the roots of my depression, as well as take some proactive steps to start down the path of health.  One of the things I did was start training jiu jitsu (something I've wanted to do for about 15 years).  I also have started actively forming real connections with my co-workers.  Trying to form friendships with them outside of work.  I've also started meeting with my pastor (who is also my boss for my part-time job) on a 'friend' level.  We get together, have a drink, smoke a pipe like Gandalf, and just shoot the breeze.  I've also as stated narrowed in focus on my issues:  a shifting personal identity, low/no self esteem/self worth, self destructive personal abuse in the way of self-flagellating when I make mistakes, and many other things.  In speaking with my therapist at the end of our session I asked her what she'd like me to work on until our next meeting.  She said that with all I'm doing she doesn't want to add to my plate.  She said that she thinks I've taken great action steps to get healthy.  She said that when we first spoke in a couples session last week that she was very worried for my well-being, but that after speaking with me one-on-one that she thinks I'm in a much better place than she first thought.  She said she was very encouraged by where I am.  The said that in her experience there are 3 types of people who come to therapy:  1-just wants to vent.  They want to just have her sit there for them to tell her their issues and not respond.  They typically are waiting on the world outside to change for their situation to better.  2-just wants to talk a bit and listen to her advice, but again is waiting for something else to change and don't put much effort into personal change.  3-is where she sees me.  Someone who will vent their frustrations, listen to her advice, and diligently take actionable steps to create change from the inside out.  
Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) focuses on changing the way a person thinks through guided exercises to address the root of aberrant behaviors. A huge part of this technique is first identifying that a problem exists, addressing the problem, and in doing so, hopefully alleviate the symptoms associated with the problem. I am new to therapy, admittedly, but my therapist has already started CBT with me. When my therapist pointed out my faulty thinking and gave it a name, I was able to recognize that this was not normal. Now we are in the process of changing the way I think about myself. It is not something that I expect to happen overnight. It took years of beating myself up to get to the point where I even considered therapy as an option. So, I fully anticipate the great time and effort I’ll need to invest in this healing process. I’ve started by doing more of the things that make me happy, like writing. Writing has always been cathartic for me and helps me organize and recognize fallacies in my thought process. It’s why I started this blog. I’ve written diaries, poetry, journals, articles, short stories, and I think I’m damned good at it (though my cognitive distortions sometimes tell me otherwise). Obviously, CBT is highly personal for everyone. Writing is good for me but might send someone else into a full-blown panic attack. So, I will end here hoping that if you recognize yourself in anything I’ve written here, or even if you don’t but have other concerns, seek out therapy. There is no shame in admitting when you need help. It takes a lot of strength to do this, and I think we probably all need therapy from time to time, because nobody lives a perfect, happy life (and honestly it sounds kind of boring). We all encounter bumps in the road, and when we do, it's important to have the skill-set to respond in a healthy manner. The stigma of feeling like a failure, weak, and inadequate for having to seek out therapy, all of which I’ve held myself, is just that, a stigma. Dispel it, dispel the cognitive distortions, dispel the doubt, and work towards a better, healthier you.  
My understanding has led me to conclude that your depression is deeply interlinked with feelings of inadequacy, perceived worthlessness, and the presumption of being a burden. In this part of the letter, I’d like to talk about the perception of yourself being worthless. I’ll move on to talk about perceptions, inadequacy, and presumptions of being a burden at a later stage.
If you'd like a copy of the full e-book DM me on here :-)/nAbout ready to ghost my mom?My mother is a 20+ year TBI survivor due to domestic abuse. As such, her mental standing isn't nearly what it might have been. She has severe memory loss, and personality... inconsistencies. I've been trying to do as much as I can for her, but lately I'm feeling more and more drained.
I'm sure some of this sounds crazy to people. But this thinking has worked so well for getting me better because it shifts the power back into my hands. It's not hype, it's not empty inspirational sentiments. It's practical. It might sound weird to other people, but what were they doing to empower me in those times of silent warfare, when I was fighting for my life against things they can’t see, hear or comprehend? So people can laugh at the weapons forged, but the most important thing is do they work? Are they practical? Do they give me the advantage when this enemy shows up to steal my land? Can I teach other people how to wield these weapons too? 
\*\*\*Instead of sending me a PM, you can also just fill out a quick confidential kit request form below. We will mail out your opioid reversal kit ASAP. There is also instructions on how to pick up the supplies at our office, on the top of the form. Thank you! and feel free to share the request form with your friends or family!
* If you're using a skill that you learned in therapy or reading reddit or just by noodling around on your own today, write it down. Over time you'll see how much you actually are doing, and it'll make you feel good.
So in it trying to kill one person, it ran the risk of losing its grip on hundreds, thousands, millions... all because that person didn't roll over and die when it demanded it. So go on and whisper temptations of death into my ear, you're only adding to my arsenal. Go on acting like you're my slave master, you're only making me into an abolitionist.
I started a blog telling my story and I have addressed some topics that I thought would be important. I’m reaching out to this community because I want to know what the hardest problems are for people who may already be on medication and are looking for natural, brain-based solutions to be happier. 
Hope this helps a lot of You suffering out there :)/nIf you’ve forgotten/been unable to brush your teeth in a long time.If you’ve been unable to brush your teeth in a long time you may have developed mild gum disease. If that’s the case brushing for the first time will lead to bleeding and discomfort.
And yet I told myself: OK, you're feeling bad. Take this emotion out, and let if flow like a bubble, around you, but separately from you. OK, you have this thought about your bosses. Another bubble. OUTSIDE of you. 
2. Rebellion & Revenge: Once I personify the problem and treat it like it has intent and personality of its own, then I have something to rebel against. Then I have a tangible enemy to conquer. Then I have a reason for revenge and a target to carry it out against. All you wanted was my life, and had I gone along with it like so many have that would have been the end of it. But I saw behind the curtain and figured out your patterns and routines and how you act against us, and it's going to cost you everything. So now what? Thoughts and feelings don't matter because I'm out for revenge. And you can put the pressure on my body and yell your death threats into my ears, but I'm not afraid of you anymore, because I've seen where power is, and where it always has been, and it's in the hands that have the power of life and death (mine).
I also make these decisions apart from emotional hype. You know when you read something really good and you just get overwhelmed with that feeling of wanting to rally and run with it? A lot of people make their big decisions under those feelings, and they don't know why they can't stay committed to things long-term. Often it's because you unknowingly made a motivational commitment in response that strong swell of emotion, so as soon as the emotion dies down so does your resolve and your motivation. Since your commitment was a reaction to the emotion it's easy to think the commitment isn't worth it if the work isn't generating that same emotion.
Sorry for my poor English, it is not my first language./nDon't you ever forget that/nI just discovered the EOOD Reddit!!I'm sure it's not anything new to some of y'all,but I had NO idea. Just wanted to show y'all in case someone's like me & unaware & oblivious most days. I know that unfortunately everyone's day isn't gonna be rainbows & sunshine,but at least hope today's tolerable💪/nYou are wounded, not brokenI suffer from depression and insomnia. 
*“It’s okay. It’s just thoughts and feelings, it’s not the truth about you or your life or your purpose. You remember who you are and why you’re here and you don't believe anything it tells you to the contrary.”*
I am an anonymous therapist that is tech savvy. I built an algorithm to analyze peoples needs and then compare it to the progress of other people with the same profile. Then it generates meaningful tips that emails people free advice based on what helped other similar people.
You have to know, before all else, that no matter what you're feeling, no matter what thoughts are going through your head, none have power over you, that's why they're all trying to zap power out of you. It wants you to feel helpless and powerless because then it can make you think it's crushing you, but really it's only convincing you to crush yourself.
I’ve gone through these cycles as long as I can remember. A deep dark depression followed by a remission of sorts. My depression and anxiety stays with me but I feel stronger and can keep it at bay.      ......Until I can’t..... And then I’m back in the fucked up mindset thinking that I am a piece of shit and want to die.
Congratulations! Just by visiting this subreddit you have done a small step towards happiness. The next important thing is going to psychologist. Do not be afraid to go there. It’s a place to get all of your emotions out and talk to a person that really understands you. You can talk there about everything. This is the most important step. If you can’t go/don’t want to go to psychologist, talk to person that you trust and you know will understand you.
Tl;dr: i said fuck you to my depression brain telling me it was optional to brush teeth. My teeth are the healthiest they’ve ever been and I can finally smile again./nKeep at it! 💕/nFirst Individual Therapy SessionHad my first individual therapy session this morning.  For a bit of background, I just turned 39 last week and have struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts for basically my entire life.  I have the genetic sh\*tstorm of depression from both of my parents.  It's a long line of depression and suicidal thoughts for generation upon generation.  I'm married and my wife and I have separated a couple of weeks ago in order for us to each seek therapy for our depression and couples counseling to work on our marriage.  
Be grateful and share this with your friends./ncreated a website for help.I just created a website called [therapythesoul.com](https://powerful-wave-51463.herokuapp.com/) and it's a place where people can send their personal issues they're having to me and I give advice. Personally, I've struggled with clinical codependency and serious drug induced psychosis due to mixing SSRI's w/ psychedelics. Just to give you more of a background of what inspired me to do this. I can't provide all the answers but I definitely have the desire to help people. There is also a donation page. thats for folks who feel generous. Im not doing this for money I just have it there because why not?
Movies and TV series: haven't seen one in a while, but I used to like Black Mirror, Sherlock, House, Futurama, Elementary, and a few others. Broadly speaking, I like film experience that attempts at focusing on complexity of human condition, that's why I tend to gravitate more towards philosophical films.
If you are looking for a friend, someone new, perhaps even just someone to have a conversation with, then hit me up. My DMs are always open. Stay Strong!/nOne thing...No matter what hardship you're going through right now. Try and remember that...  
&#x200B;/nI made a video talking about what depression really feels like for those of you that don't completely understand.For those of you that would like to know a little bit more about what depression feels like I hope this helps. 
And try not to deny your emotions. The secret to recovery is handling your emotions, not blocking them out. If you are aiming to be a robot, sorry but that is probably is not going to happen. The more accepting you are of yourself and your emotions the more you can grow and learn about yourself. 
Like I said, I've been here for a while. I don't post very often but when I do, I try to reply to peoples' posts asking for help. I've never posted my own thread, and there's a reason for that. I just wanted to take some time to talk about my reason. I don't talk about it very often but sometimes talking about it helps me along on my own journey.
Thank you for reading this. Feel free to PM me./nYou have more options than you think!/nWatch Meddlesome kitsune senko sanI know I'm still depressed, but getting my weekly fix of an 800 year old demigod loli fox pampering a salaryman never fails to cheer me up and get me through the day./nYour abusers are not entitled to your forgiveness/nThis will cheer you up/nThis bodyscan meditation will go a long way towards reducing stress, any anxious and depressive thoughts and heal your mind and body/nYour thoughts and how they work/nDepression Treatment Medications and Their Effects on Me/nDepression sucks.I keep thinking at times that I have beaten depression and then it creeps up. I don't understand why this unbearable feeling of sadness and anger sprinkled with incredible regret for not having control of my feelings particularly those that make me feel sad or like I am not good enough nor worth enough keep coming up. Logically I understand depression. I have read and research so much about depression I could probably teach a class on it. Emotionally however, it's so hard to escape but yet like my Jobs motto is everyday is day one. As such everyday I battle with this disease. To me that is what depression is a disease that constantly needs to be monitored. While some days are better than others and at times it can feel like the disease is gone. It never really is. I say all of this to hopefully help others realize they are not alone in this fight. To seek help get out of the house or do something at a time when this disease feels like a huge unbearable weight on top your chest. Do not give up hope! Every day is our day one and every day like warriors for those we love the most who will feel our lose if we let this disease win. We must fight to survive this disease and support each other in our fight./nJust a reminder : you can be yourselfYou should never feel bad for doing something that makes you happy or helps you cope, (provided, of course, it doesn’t harm yourself or others).
I’m so happy that I wanted to share my excitement with someone. But no one else would understand how something so small could mean so much to someone like me. Thank you again!/nwatch this before you give up {4K}/nRemember: you aren’t alone and you have purpose.Here’s to the people who want to die. To the people who firmly believe that it doesn’t get better, who would rather die than to be in a constant state of pain. Who are so broken that feel like there is no way out. I feel for you. You might think that no one understands, that no one cares or wouldn’t miss you when you’re gone. But i will. I will care. I understand. I’ve been in that spot so much. (This is where it gets personal) I’ve put a blade to my throat but didn’t move it. Instead I dropped it and sobbed. I know what it’s like to feel your heart shatter. I know what it’s like to feel like you’d be better off dead. I’ve watched the blade drag across my skin a countless number of times. I know what that addiction feels like. I’ve written the note before, I’ve had a plan. I understand. I’ve felt so worthless in my life. I know what if feels like to think that no one cares. But imagine this. You finally do kill yourself with a bottle of pills. Your mom calls you down for dinner but there’s no response so she sends your sister up to get you. You hear your sister scream, “Mommy! She won’t wake up!” Your mom sprints up the stairs to see your lifeless body. She sees the empty pill bitten that’s fallen out of your hand. She starts sobbing. Crying hysterically. Your dad comes up the stairs and tired to shake you awake. He does everything in his power to wake you but you won’t wake up. It’s too late and you’re gone. He gets so angry that he punches the wall. A flood of emotions spill out of him. He takes your mom and sister into his arms and hugs them so tight because they know you’re never coming back. They call 911, and they come and carry your lifeless body out. The next day at school they announce your death. Everyone’s eyes go wide and just stare. No body can believe that what showed on the outside to be a very happy girl took her own life. Your best friend runs out, goes to the bathroom and physically beats herself up. The nearest teacher hears her screaming and she goes in and hugs her, she tries to calm her but fails. She lies awake each night unable to be at rest knowing that if she just would have spoken up, you would still be here. Your boyfriend puts him self in a mental hospital so he can’t hurt himself. The girls who leave you out everyday blame themselves. They will never live that down. Your dog waits for you to come home from school, but you never show up to greet him again he’s left in confusion. Nothing is ever the same. You sister now doesn’t have a big sister to look up too. Whenever someone mentions your name she just breaks down. So here’s to the people who want to end their pain, and just end it all. It gets better I promise you. You are strong, you are worthy, you have a purpose. I promise you. Stay alive./nLooking UpI love music.  Like, not just a little bit the way most people 'love' music.  I've been practically addicted to music since before I can even remember.  My parents' vinyl collection was my introduction to the world of music and I've been hooked since I first dropped a needle on vinyl, heard the warm scratching sounds come from the speaker, and then the lush tones of real music.  Music has an enormous place in my life.  I'm sure I'm not the only one here that feels that way.  One of my favorite bands is a little band from Seattle called 'Citizens & Saints'.  They have a new album coming out next month and I just heard the lead single from it.  It's called 'Looking Up'.  It PERFECTLY captures a lot of what my road with depression has felt like for most of my life.  The lyrics are below, as well as a link to the video.  Its incredibly cheesy, but the words...the words are so so good.  I'm coming out of the clouds in my fight with depression after over 30 years of battle.  I hope this song shines a little light in your worlds today.
I hope this finds you in a good mind. I sincerely hope you have a good rest of your day. Whoever you are, stay strong out there. My DMs are always open should you want to chat about anything./nWomenBuildingMotivatioWe as women often feel neglected and demotivated. Follow [WomenBuildingMotivation](https://WomenBuildingMotivation.blogspot.com) for daily motivation, insights, ideas and more. Good support for women of all ages and personal struggles./nYears ago I was diagnosed with depression and severe anxietyI always thought that I was an outcast, since middle school. Kids used to call me weird, or didn't even bother to speak to me. But in all honesty, neither did I. I couldn't explain it, I just felt off. Scared to talk to anybody other than my parents or my brother. Everybody thought I was just shy, that it will pass. When I was a teenager I developed some serious anger issues. It came ti the point that I considered to hurt my family. I won't write about this part online because I did things that I regret to this day, even though my mom and brother forgave me.  One day I watched tv, and I watched an anime.
This has saved me from getting behind on picking stuff up off the floor, doing dishes, washing my face, and even sending texts to important people in my life./nGetting To Know You - What does it means to be a truly authentic you?***Getting To Know You*** focuses on what it means to be a truly authentic you, how and why should we get to know ourselves better and what the benefits are. Full of exercises, journal guides and techniques, Getting To Know You will help you to dig a little deeper, and enjoy a journey of self discovery.
Sometimes life can feel overwhelming, like everything is too much and you aren't enough or don't want to continue on for whatever reasons, but you have a whole narrative of a life to live and share with others, so much you can do, be apart of and share in. In everyone you interact with and those who interact with you, there is no one quite like you, that has the same thoughts, opinions, view, sense of humor, or character, and that makes you individually unique. That individuality is what makes you uniquely beautiful in your own ways and what makes what you have to offer others and share with others a commodity and value that won't quite be found anywhere else or with anyone else.
 [https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/529325735500972053/574508958199578624/screencapture-reddit-r-depression-comments-bk4ghz-this-is-my-fix-for-depression-18-years-long-7-2019.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/529325735500972053/574508958199578624/screencapture-reddit-r-depression-comments-bk4ghz-this-is-my-fix-for-depression-18-years-long-7-2019.png) 
I know it can be very hard to even want to start something while depressed. But if you're like I was, you'd eventually do anything to not feel that deep, hopeless, nothing matters, feeling. Try to let that be your motivation.
It's very difficult, if not nearly impossible, to convince someone/\[you\] that they are flat out wrong. Our minds will go to extreme lengths to always be right because it's counterintuitive to tell ourselves otherwise.  I’m not referring to situations where its socially acceptable to “be wrong” and its encouraged to think alternatively as such in discussions or debates. I’m referring to situations whereby we are alone. We spend most of our time alone. I can’t think of any logical reason as to why anyone, in their solitude, would spend time trying to convince themselves against a belief they *already* have. I legitimately believe that *Kendrick Lamar* is better rapper than *Lil Pump*. I have no reason, in solitude, and with no one around, to spend time comparing the two and trying to make a strong argument for *Lil Pump* being the better rapper. I simply wouldn’t do that because my mind was made up a long time ago, and the only time I’ll revisit that belief, is if it comes up in conversation on or offline. 
Back when I suffered from depression, thinking like this and exercise helped me a lot, so now I ask you, what made you happy or what are you grateful for today?/n5 Natural Remedies for Depression That I've Tried | Depression Medication/nSupport groupchat?I’ve been thinking now and I was wondering if any if you want to create a support group chat maybe on snapchat or something. Just so when we need to tell people something or need advice , or even just chat we can have that chat. Wherever it will take place, I will not name the chat something like support group because I know some of you, as well as me, does not want friends or family finding it. If you’re interested just comment or pm me./nHappy Valentines Day for all of those in struggle or are lonely.Even though I have never had a girlfriend (mostly because how fucking weird/strange I am), I wanted to share the love this year. 
**“Triple-column technique”** can be used to restructure the way you think about yourself when you have goofed up in some way. The aim is to substitute more objective rational thoughts for the illogical, harsh self-criticisms that automatically flood your mind when a negative event occurs
You can hit me up in pm if you wanna talk./nTake care of your depression/nFor anyone needing to hear this 🌷/nMr Rogers Neigborhood Teaches Us Through Song That You Are Not A Mistake/nWhat Music Makes your depression go away? An open invitation for discussionHello, I just wanted to ask for peoples opinions on what music they listen to (if any) that makes their depression go away. I'm not looking for music to listen to, but I would like to have a post where people can say what they listen to. 
Music (all over the place): Seafret, M83, Philip Glass, Lord Huron, Radiohead, Sigur Ros, Mogwai, Of Monsters and Men, Yndi Halda, God is An Astronaut, Godspeed You Black Emperor, Keaton Henson, Laura Marling, Max Richter, If These Trees Could Talk, Clint Mansell, some songs of Sia and Adele, and many other artists. If you don't recognise some of those names, it could be a plus, because we could mutually enhance our preferences in music.
[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFE0\_vnp3BvsItjqU7DuwdQ?fbclid=IwAR1gXTFbfWi6aI6qowBHTyGZwk-3bxbWv\_buMImFcqqLcUOmjbgEHyhNV8o](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFE0_vnp3BvsItjqU7DuwdQ?fbclid=IwAR1gXTFbfWi6aI6qowBHTyGZwk-3bxbWv_buMImFcqqLcUOmjbgEHyhNV8o)
6. Acknowledge your courage for stepping out of your comfort zone./nAnyone with Starz, I recommend the movie 55 Steps, starring Hillary SwankIt’s a true story about a case involving the legal rights of mental health patients. I liked it bc of the theme of helplessness the mentally ill feel and how we aren’t taken seriously in life. But at least at the end of the movie, we’re vindicated.
Unfortunately, our brains are overwhelmed with the information provided by the world to the extent that we don't find time to revisit our beliefs. This can particularly damaging for abstract beliefs. Abstract beliefs include “love”, “pain”, “space”, “worthiness”, and things of a more conceptual nature.  Some of the abstract beliefs we have - we hold without scrutiny because the information which we created those beliefs from, was drip-fed to us through social cues. 
Compared to those who had hope of survival because of a loved one, kids waiting for them, or other forms of responsibilities, those ones hung on for dear life, despite the typhus epidemic, despite the malnourishment, they still woke and handled their dose of pain, even after having been stripped of everything.
One time I was working on my computer, and I randomly froze with fear. I went absolutely stiff, terrified that if I so much as blinked my eyes it would somehow lead to a chain of actions in my body that would end with me in the bathtub with my arms cut open. It was so real, and so convincing that I had zero doubt that if I moved a muscle while that pressure surrounded me, that would have been it.
Almost two years later, I am somehow alive, there is always going to be tension between my parents and I about dropping out but I am now in another university in my home country studying what I'm interested in.  Things are still tough and I feel like I'm barely making it each week.  Especially with finals and essay due dates coming around the corner in a few weeks, I'm definitely feeling the pressure.  I spent the past hour ugly crying and stressing out but I'm finally calm and able to see clearly.  My semester 1 grades are average!  In addition, one of my essays received 5/5, above average!
Anyways, happiness can be just as infectious and self-feeding as depression./na message of hope, share gratitude, not hateWhen I first conceived the idea of Gratitude Bridge just over two years ago, it had one simple goal.
1. Personification: I am being very intentional about externalizing the issue. It's usually the opposite that's taught. Internalize it, "accept that it's a part of who you are and always will be." If it's a part of who I am, I'm fucked, because I'm always going to be who I am. That means everywhere I go it will go with me. What hope is there to be free, then? But if I realize that it's on the outside wanting to get in, then I can treat it like I would a common thief trying to break into my house to steal my things, hurt my family and kill me. Because that is what these mental health issues exist to do, their only goal is to kill.
I'm so thankful I didn't listen to that voice because now even the hint of what I know I have to offer humanity is enough to keep me here, enduring through times of frustration and that hovering depression looking for a way back in. I haven't even scratched the surface of the potential good I can contribute to human history. 
Just come across the thread having been suffering with depression for the last 4 or 5 months now. I've been trying to get help via a number of different avenues and have been lucky enough to get some private CBT help. I have created a couple of audio recordings - at first they were so that I wouldn't forget what had been said at my meetings - but I wondered if they would be able to help anyone?
I just wanted to share this as a post of support to all of you out there struggling. I know how hard it can be and I commend all of you for sticking it out and continuing on your journey, and I hope you all find a semblance of peace and hope in the near future. I’m so excited for what the next few months are going to bring me in terms of just feeling like life is actually worth living again, and I hope you all can feel that way too. 
A friend of mine is always sympathetic and I didn't really realize until looking up the definition why her words felt so distant and unmeaningful. Know the difference so you can support your loved ones! Empathy  typically provides far more support and healing for a person than sympathy does. Compassion is another step above sympathy or empathy in that it  directly offers support, "how can I help you?" Sympathy, empathy, and  compassion may all be combined together such as with, "I'm sorry you're  feeling that way, I went through a similar thing recently and feel your pain, how can I help?" Sympathy by itself is not necessarily bad, it  just often comes off as distant even though the person giving it may care a lot. Words are powerful so know how your support influences those  around you, even the slightest change of words can make a major difference in a friend's life./n5 Things NOT To Do When You Are Depressed in 2019!Hi guys :) Apologies if you've already seen this video but wanted to re-post as people are saying it's helping a bit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ6avlLoIOc Peace/nDepression - Feel the awful and do it anyway!!For what it's worth... my advice on how to deal with acute depression and how to stop it being your Friday feeling. Peace xx [https://youtu.be/RqbqFfFykZA](https://youtu.be/RqbqFfFykZA)/nTake ownership of your life/nFunny animals that cure my depression😍/nWhy Do You Limit Yourself?/nAwarness Talk On Bipolar Disorder (Depression & Mania)/nBe Happier - 15 Tips for Happiness - Be Truly Happy/ntransactional love vs transformational loveThis is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years.
Just wanted to drop in and say that if you need a friend to talk to, I'm here. Feel free to reach out to me today or any day! Just know that you are not alone!/nPls listen!! YOU ARE DEPRESSION, YOU ARE THE PERPETUATOR OF IT,STOP ALL MOVEMENT/nHow I came out of depression & this is exactly what I didI went through with lots of depressive thoughts and anxiety for many years as I couldn't get a basic entry level job in London even after applying for more than 1600 jobs over the period of 10 years apart from little petty work now and then. Finally I pull myself together & started working in my interest area of freelance teaching and I am out now and feeling much happier now. I have narrated exactly [what I did step by step to come out of anxiety and depression](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDUEYiYjDZY) without any medication. Hope it will help you too. :-)/nWhat Is Thinking? Is depression memory? - J Krishnamurti/nMusic can help you so much when you’re feeling down. I hope this playlist can help you and make you forget reality for awhile./nI made a video talking about what depression really feels like for those of you that don't completely understand.For those of you that would like to know a little bit more about what depression feels like I hope this helps.
As I said, I spent the entirety of my teenage and young-adult life in the in-and-out cycle of depression. But every time I was dragged into the darkness I learned something new about how it was working against me, where it was sneaking in, what its voice sounded like, its vocabulary, its tone, and I started putting the appropriate measures in place. So every time it came I learned to use it's own momentum against it, over and over, more and more, until the momentum began to shift in my favor. 
We hold a belief about everything. And not in just the traditional sense of religion or politics; but in *every sense* possible. We have beliefs about very mundane words/items such as “chair”, fork” or “fridge”. Our beliefs, and the things which we believe to be true, are created by our surroundings. Life happens at such a fast pace that we often don’t get a chance to scrutinise the sources of those beliefs.  At this basic level, I hold the beliefs that, i) The most optimal way to sit down is on a *chair*, ii) The most optimal/efficient way to eat spaghetti is through use of a *fork*, and iii) The most optimal/efficient way to store food is in a *fridge*. I hold these beliefs because the immediate society im part of has given me tools to test these hypotheses. On large - they have all checked out. For instance; when offered spaghetti and am give western cutlery such as a knife/ fork/spoon; the fork has consistently proved to be the superior means of eating; thereby confirming my belief.
You are loved and you matter./nYou did today!!!You did today, and you did it well!! I’m proud of everyone on this sub who was able to make it through today and to start a new one tomorrow!! You’re all amazing people. You’re not worthless and I’m proud of you for being a part of this sub. If you need to stay in bed all day tomorrow, there is no shame in that. If you’re going to walk out of your door, for the first time in forever tomorrow, then you are brave and strong!! Of you eat tomorrow, for the first time in ages, then I hope it tastes amazing and you enjoy every bite!! If you exercise for the first time tomorrow, even if it’s for a few minutes, you are helping your body and you are doing a great job caring for yourself!! If you text that one person you love talking to, but you feel anxious around, know that in that text, you said everything perfectly, and that if they don’t respond, you are still loved! I admire everyone’s courage!! Because that‘s what people with depression are. Courageous. Despite our downfalls, we are courageous! We have the power to step out of the box, we have the power to lift each other up, and we have the power to encourage people who are going through this mess of a life. We have the courage to face our fears and to confront our goals, even when it feel impossible. We have the courage to live EVERYDAY with an illness that affects our brains, but we keep pushing, and we keep trying to do better! So please, don’t blame yourself.  because you are loved, and please keep finding that courage to push forward. Keep finding the courage to remind yourself that you are beautiful. You are a living being who deserves to have their feelings be heard! You have a RIGHT to feel however you NEED to FEEL! If someone tells you otherwise, then please keep pushing to live your best life no matter what they say. There is NOTHING wrong with depression! And tomorrow will be another day that you will accomplish. You will accomplish it by being beautiful, creative, thoughtful, smart, attractive, kind, and most importantly loved. I really do love you people on this sub. Please find the courage to reach out for validity and encouragement when you need it, you deserve it! I’m not the best redditor, but if you need to message someone, I’m here. I will listen and i will do my best to get back to you with more thoughtful words of love./nStarting to feel a little better/nthis makes me feel good, hope it does you/nBe comfortable with the uncomfortable/nSome thoughts regarding depressionNot too long ago, I felt the surprising conviction to reply to someone who had composed a post regarding their depression and shared some thoughts I frequently remind myself of and use to help stave off my own depressive episodes whenever they arise. For context, I do not look at this subreddit or r\_depression very often, nor have I ever posted on either one until now, but after years and years of differing traumatic events, personal challenges, isolation and loneliness that have marred and if not matched all the great successes and happiness I've experienced in my life, I've come to learn the hard way that the battle against depression is one that shouldn't be fought alone. The fight against depression is one that should be shared in tandem with others to help you, even guide yourself, to fight and persevere for you even when you do not feel you are capable of such yourself. With that being said, this is something I am still very much working on myself and in the spirit of those words, I have decide to share the core aspects of what I had reached out with to the aforementioned Redditor in this post in hopes the thoughts/ insights provided may help and aide others, be some sort of source and means of connection, encouragement and inspiration to remember that there is more than just the pain you may feel at a given time, that you are more than the cynical and criticizing thoughts that may reside in your head as they have been to me and that all of such is all that you will ever know or experience. 
I've dealt with depression and suicidal thoughts myself and while what you feel and think can seem very real, be the only reality you presently know, that doesn't mean any of it is true or accurate. You are not worthless, pain and hurt are the not the only things you are capable of feeling or experiencing. You are alive, you matter. You are a human with the emberous possession of hope, the same pioneering capability to create, accomplish, love, and be and do that is homogenius to all of us in this great perhaps of life. So, please do not give up. Please stay. 
Let's start with today, Monday, most people's least favorite day. I say, *"Happy Monday,"* because I'm blessed enough to have a job to resume after the weekend. It's also oddly comforting that others dislike Monday's because I feel like I'm not alone.
And likewise, you haven't scratched the surface of how much you have to offer this world because of what you've been through, and may still be going through. You maybe haven't realized that you're going through it gives the opportunity to learn how it works, how it speaks, and how to respond a way that empowers you to live free. And then someone comes along going through what you've been through, and your response is no longer "Yeah, I go through that, too! Life really sucks! It would be better if I was dead, lol..." But then you can say, "I've been through that, here's what helped me." It's a human life saved and changed and given purpose again because you endured and dared to challenge that thing.  And what happens when that human tells another, who tells another, who tells another?
Depression is the hardest battle I’ve ever had to fight, because trust me, before any of this dramatic stuff happened,  I truly did want to get better, but it felt impossible. I did everything I could. I went to therapy. I made an appointment to see a psychiatrist. I tried to walk outside and workout more. I tried talking to new people. I tried to keep a positive mindset on everything, yet I still felt waves of sadness that I felt were out of my own control. 
[See trailer here](https://youtu.be/-ug1TE-kdCM)/n1000% true!/nIdk who needs to hear this today, but you're important and you deserve to be happy./nI'm happyI made a post awhile ago about my situation and wanna update that I'm dropping out of school going full time and I'll be much more happy/nI texted my dad while he was at work because I’ve been feeling really depressed today and his response made me cry. I love my dad./nkeep doing what works for you with depression (grateful for gratitude br...This is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years. 
If you would have told me 6 years ago that things were going to get better, I would have laughed in your face. I sincerely believed that I would be stuck in this dark hole for the rest of my life, but the truth of the matter is, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel. Time has a funny way of making everything work itself out. Be patient and kind to yourself. My life isn’t rainbows and sunshine. I still do feel depressed here and there and I do have bad days, but I made the choice to better myself and to get myself out of that dark place. Every day I wake up, I have to make the choice to allow myself to feel okay. 
[What Depression Really Feels Like (From My Experience)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQzs8xXpfk8&t=4s)/nTrauma Treatment/nFor my friends, some helpI urge all my friends with depression, I consider all of you friends; brothers in arms in this battle, go outside and get as much sunlight as possible. Please do the smallest things that make yourself happy, even if it as small as see a movie. I urge you to write. Write your feelings, journal your feelings. Write about what makes you happy, have a gratitude journal,  not all of this is going to fix or solve these issues but I want to hear back how many of you have felt some sense of help and happiness. I got a bit. I'm doing a bit better with the start of these things, if I can do it, I am positive most of you out here are stronger than me and can do this as well. This will get better. Best of luck. Please come back to this if any recommendations helped./nWhy Ketamine Are the Next Wonder Drug for Depression/nRelax....The only thing that happens is that you are misunderstood.Or You are just not understood. And the other one ( Society) reacts to you from that space. Seeking connection. Wanting to meet you where You are. In however Limited Fashion (in your eyes). You, the one being 'in a depression). I Love You./nDepressionDepression is a normal and common function for human beings, however the duration and depth is something that can grow out of control.
I am not so naive enough to assume that the sensations within your mind are the same as those of others who are depressed. I am also not so naive enough to ever believe that that I will ever fully understand the aches, torments, and darkness you often experience. I don’t know what your first thought is when you wake up; nor do I have the slightest clue of the thoughts you have on a day to day basis. I don’t know how long you’ve had these thoughts -  and I don't know how/or/if they come and go. Truth is, I *don’t* know.
Long story short, try to find something that can really make you want to be healthy, mentally or physically./nTip: Nutrition can be everything sometimesI know how hard it is to eat something that is healthy or takes time to make, but it is so crucial that you do once in a while. A stable low-glycemic diet can help anxiety greatly. I also have found  that vitamins with b12 have greatly increased my energy.
[Content source:](https://positive-memes.tumblr.com/post/181927000405/just-a-reminder)/nMeditation HelpMeditating was a big tool for me to get over depression. Here are some of the things I learned about it.[Meditation Advice](https://blackleaderanalysis.com/2016/09/18/featured-content-2/)/nFelt I was unwanted and this is the reason for my depressionIt is hard for me to deal with depression since I have kids that can see and read my actions. They will just see me staring at nothing and would ask what is wrong. I just simply wouldn't answer them and try to divert the attention.
psychologically the more I try the more i come into a paralysis, the more i think about doing something the more paralyzed,anxious i become so I escape from MY depression and do the repetitive cycle that I have established(which is always the same if you have noticed) and that gives me temporary safety, then I am so tired of overthinking that I havent physically the energy to do something, the energy is wasted by this conflict, the past(thinker) trying to act upon his depression. He never realizes he is part of that and therefore whatever he does,whatever that is,even if it is the best action(exercise etc) he then will come home and the cycle(slightly modified) will always stay there as long as the thinker is separate from his thought. Then the same thinking starts again....
I don’t believe it was all about the medication, because quite honestly, the medication can only do so much. At some point, it was my responsibility to look after myself (this should be common sense, I know, but my entire life I put happiness and wellbeing in the hands of others to be responsible for). 
After 2.5 days in bed, scared to get out from under the quilt, I got up yesterday. I had a package delivered - 80 plug plants I ordered weeks ago. I really didn't want to but I made myself get up and plant those little feckers. I knew that leaving them in a box in my kitchen would have justified my usual brain set - look, they've died, what a stupid idea to get them in the first place, throw them away, everything is spoiled, metaphor for my life.... 
Earlier, I stressed the point that it’s difficult to go against a belief you hold because it's counterintuitive to do so in your own solitude.That being said, I’d like you to challenge the view of you have of being “worthless”. Your belief is wrong. The mere fact these words have been written for you; is an indicator that you, yes you - are of value and indeed not worthless.
Even when i look at my life, my parents went through an awful divorce, i had to move out the house for my studies, and move to a new country alone, with no friends, it was quite tough on my psyche, and i know i have it easy.
That being said, I’m not writing to you as a person of authority. I am not educated within this field. Some of what I write, is from a place of non-wilful ignorance. Despite my ignorance and lack of deeper level of understanding; I carry on to write because I want to understand. I want to understand because I want to help. I do, however, ask for your forgiveness in advance. I ask that you forgive me  for anything  which I write which has, or may miss the point of what depression for yourself, (not others) really is.
&#x200B;/nA COMPLETE PARADOX THAT SHOCKED ME:Depression can be overcomed if YOU do nothing about ITWho is the one who tries to overcome depression? Have you ever wondered who are you who tries to DO something about IT? Arent you part of depression,therefore whatever you do you sustain it? Werent there times that you tried so hard to do something,you gave so much effort cause finally you had some energy inside you and then after doing it you were back again in the same cycle. TRYING to do something about it and the more you try the more it persists. The sustainor of this movement is the depressed himself! (the thinker created from memory that tries to do something about his depression) BUT isnt he part of depression as well?
I think, if you're still reading, you already know I never was able to fill that hole. Well, not with that stuff I already mentioned. And let me tell you: the fact that those things didn't fix the pain, that really, really messed with me. It didn't seem right. I really believed that drugs, alcohol, and whatever.. that kind of stuff could help me forget about the pain I was feeling.
I tried to find this advice a few years ago but no one is really open about it so I thought I’d share. Good luck!/nTo the person who posted about struggling with bipolar/ptsd and was contemplating suicide, and then deleted the post. You said the typical answers weren't working for you so here is my unorthodox approach that has kept me from getting stuck in "the dip" for over a year.I would love to talk. Shoot me a message if you want to talk privately, or we can continue a conversation here in the post. In the meantime, I'll share my thoughts and what has helped me deal with this stuff below:
Just over six years ago, my baby brother was murdered. He wasn't really my baby brother. He was twenty. But he was my little brother. To be fair, he was my *younger* brother -- he was taller than me. So, I guess in a way, he was my big brother. Anyway, my baby brother, he was killed back in 2012. And I have to tell you, that experience really affected me. All the color drained out from the world. All my belief in everything about how everything was going to be okay in the end? That changed. All that stuff about how so-and-so loves you, and how all the bad people go one way and the good people go the other? I don't really know how I feel about that anymore. I learned that the world isn't a fair place. Cause if anyone should have died that day, it would've been me; not my baby brother. I loved that kid. I didn't know how much I loved him then. But I do know now.
It might be for different reasons. We might come from different angles. But fuck, people like me.. we fucking love you, we support you, and we want the fucking best for you. *We don't want to lose you.* We've lost so, so much. Please stay here, for us. Because we need you here. We need you to need us. I know that sometimes it can seem so easy to give up.. trust me, as a person who has been here as a survivor on this end, *I get it*. 
My Depression Counterpart is a completely different person than me, I don’t know anything about them. But unfortunately, our emotions are linked: When their life sucks, I randomly get depression, and when my life sucks, they randomly get depression.  
*Nor can love, approval, friendship, or a capacity for close, caring human relationships add one iota to your inherent worth. The great majority of depressed individuals are in fact very much loved, but it doesn’t help one bit because self-love and self-esteem are missing.*   
I think that's about the point I knew I had a choice to make. Either I was going to figure out how to beat thing, or it was going to torment me for the rest of my life, and possibly talk me into ending my life way too early.
I struggled heavy with depression throughout most of my teenage and young-adult life. Actually, I didn't really even start to get my foot on its throat until the beginning of 2017 (just barely 30 years old), only a few months after escaped a year-long intense battle with suicidal thoughts.
[Why a lack of sleep makes us depressed](https://theconversation.com/why-a-lack-of-sleep-makes-us-depressed-and-what-we-can-do-about-it-66446)/nIt Works/nHow 'Behavioural Activation' Can Help You Cope with Depression/nPerspective on suicidal ideationWhen it comes to feeling suicidal, Ive found that there are three feelings that contribute most:
A totem must be something you can be convinced is true, in spite of what thoughts, feelings, and other people might be *SCREAMING*. It's a constant, and absolute, a solid piece of ground. That's why it holds so much power, because nothing or nobody can change it.
But then I had my 'Talvisodan Henki' moment. My mind told me 'We're going to face that triviality later. The enemy is at the gate!'. It gave me a rush of endorphins and adrenaline and 50 Sabaton and Red Army Choir songs later, I had finished.
I just wanted to share that today is the first day I got back on my antidepressant. It’s been a few years and I thought I was alright, but over the last few months I realized I was spiraling out of control. Not only did I gain 15 pounds, but I started binge eating, crying uncontrollably, feeling hopeless and worthless, and having anxiety up the Wazoo. I finally decided it was time to make a change and went to see my doctor, who recommended I get back on antidepressants. 
**Nobody waits until the tornado sirens go off before they start building their underground shelter.** They recognize the climate they’re in, that tornadoes are more likely to happen where they are than they are in other climates, and they build their foundations and prepare their shelters accordingly. And if those sirens sound one day they already have a plan of action, they already have a place of refuge so they don't get carried away by the wind.
You know though, I have discovered one thing that does help. Helping all of you with your struggles, that helps me a lot. Helping you work through your depression, that helps fill up the hole in my heart. Each time I get a message from one of you who I've commented to at one point or another: that puts another brick in that wall that's filling up the emptiness. This place, it changes over time. I just want you all to remember, me, and other people like me: we really, really do care about all of you.
I bought her a cell phone because she's never home long enough to warrant a landline. I've also replaced it several times when it breaks because she doesn't know what a soft touch is. However, this is where I'm starting to lose hope. 
My five year old even knows what grandma does is hurtful. My wife has told her that she's gonna call grandma, and my daughter asked, "Why? Her phone's off anyway."  I can go a week, easily, without physically hearing her voice. 
What are you grateful for?/nCognitive Distortions: A Serious DiscussionMy therapy session today was interesting. I became uncomfortably aware at how negative I am towards myself. Which is ironic, because I’ve always considered myself to be an optimist. But I’m only optimistic about other people, about the world, about the universe. I’m a pessimist on all things related to self. I can see the good in the moving parts of the world around me, but when I look inside, all I see is failure, doubt, uncertainty, and an inherent sadness that has been with me so long, I believed it was normal. I hold myself to such an absurd degree of accountability and culpability, simultaneously, that I cripple any hope of appreciating the positive things about myself. Even as I walked out of her office, I started to apologize. It’s so a part of who I am. My exact thoughts were, “I’ve said too much. She thinks I’m crazy. Well, I am, aren’t I? That’s what I get for being vulnerable. She saw that ugly thing that I keep locked away.” I thought them without even realizing I was thinking them, until she said, “you’re doing it again.” And I was. There was term she used to describe the way I think. Which just goes to show the amazing power of language. Once I knew the term, I felt a sense of relief, because now I could investigate, well, myself, my psyche. Cognitive distortion is what she called it. I looked it up, and it wasn’t pretty. But I needed to understand it so that I could start to address it. The most striking description of cognitive distortion: “negative thinking patterns cause negative emotions.” It makes sense. When I apologized to my therapist, I was apologizing because of my own distorted perception: I don’t like me, ergo, she doesn’t like me. I projected my negativity outwardly and imagined her thoughts, when in reality, I have no clue how she perceived me, and furthermore, even if I did, why does that make me feel so uncomfortable? I can only figure that my faulty projection of reality holds a mirror up to myself, and I hate mirrors, both metaphorically and literally. I don’t like looking at myself because I know where my mind will go, the worst self-critique imaginable. And now we’ve made it full circle back to, “negative thinking patterns cause negative emotions.” So today, we’re going to get into the psychology behind cognitive distortions. I’m doing this partly for myself, to bravely face that mirror, and to challenge others who think like me to recognize it and do the same.
* For me, this is the most important box. It's simple. I just list my accomplishments of the day. I need to do this because my brain will erase my accomplishments if I don't write them down, stare at them, make sure to cherish them. And if it was a bad day, a void day, I find something to celebrate, dammit.
I believe we are going in the right direction. I’m currently doing ketamine infusions and it seems to be helping a lot...not sure how long it will last but I think scientists are on to something with these kinds of “illicit drugs”....I hope that we someday find a cure or at least a better way to manage the crippling effects of depression/nIf You Are Feeling Depressed and Lonely, Watch This/nBoth my sister (roommate) and I have depression. Our apartment gets out of hand in the blink of an eye. Going to try to keep up with it./nIt’s hard to love ourselves when we feel depressed... find ways to start loving ourself can be such a help./npain hurtsa life of pain. physical. many surgeries to correct damage from sports and workplace injuries. eventually, it wears you down. takes you to a very dark place. 
Has CBT worked for you? Drop a comment and let me know!/nGetting better and overcoming my "troubled teen" challengesI’ve been thinking about this for awhile and I need to share my story of overcoming depression and anxiety. For a long time, I refused to talk about what happened to me when my family decided I was a “troubled teen.” But I’m in a different place now and doing things with my life that I feel really good about. I’m working on a final project in my developmental psych class and learning more about how past experiences change people and shape their adult selves. I went through hell and back and I’m starting to understand how much I grew because of what I went through and the stuff I learned along the way. I don’t want to bore y’all with a big ol long story but here’s the basics. I’m not giving names or personal information about the people who hurt me but I want to talk about the ones who helped me get back on track and literally helped me survive.
The one I used was developed in association with Jordan Peterson so perhaps it has political context. Eitherway, it was shut down without response and deleted. Idrc, I'm here to share what I did and my strategy that I put a lot of time into./nJust some positive comments to those who need itTo those of you feeling down, just remember that this period is the time to really reflect what you really want out of life. This period is the period that will make you, don't think of this as a negative, actually think of it as a positive, you will thank yourself in the future. You are not alone so don't worry and the right people will come to you, you don't need to worry about anything./nWhat made you happy today?I will go first. Today I played fetch with my sisters dog, cooked some food which is going to taste amazing when it’s finished, and feel good from my work out yesterday.  
When I realized that for the first time, I put my foot down, and said, "Fuck you, depression! You want me dead so bad. You are trying so hard to get rid of me. It's almost as if you're afraid of me. It's almost as if you see something in me that I haven't seen in myself, and you are more terrified of me than I have ever been of you. So you know what? Fuck you! I don't care if I have to feel these feelings and hear these thoughts for the rest of my life, I'm not going to kill myself because I think it pisses you off every second I'm still alive. I think you are tormented by every breath I take even worse than you try to torment me in every breath. I'm not leaving. And do you know what? I'm not just going to continue living, I'm going to expose you. I'm going to go to the others that you torment and I'm going to tell them what I learned about how you work, and I'm going to teach them how to conquer you, too. You trying to kill me is going to be the costliest mistake you've ever made, and I promise, before I do leave this planet, you will regret that you ever touched me."
It is *terrified* that if you continue living you might catch a glimpse of you who are and the power you have, and who you're meant to be in this world. The moment you see that is the moment it loses influence over you. It may still have an obnoxious voice spewing toxic venom like serpents do, and it may still put the pressure on through physical feelings, but it has no power to intimidate and influence how you live your life whenever you understand that all the power belongs to you.
Anyway, after going to the psychiatric ward, I was treated with medication. I’m not saying medication is the solution to it all. My mood felt better at least. It became harder to cry for no reason. I still have bad days, and I still consider myself depressed, but it’s more manageable. My relationships with others have improved too. 
Together, we’ve established that feelings of “worthiness” are deeply intertwined with our inability to meet society's \[and yourself’s own\] expectations. In this part of the letter I’d like to talk about *why you shouldn’t care for expectations.* I can immediately think of two types of expectations which we should revisit. 
If what you write down in the Rational Response column is not convincing and realistic, it won’t help you one bit. Make sure you believe in your rebuttal to self-criticism. *For example, in answer to “I never do anything right,” you could write, “Forget that! I do some things right and some wrong, just like everyone else. Let’s not blow this up out of proportion.”*
I decide whether I live or die, not it. And I'm deciding to live. Why? Because I'm not leaving without that thing getting everything it deserves, and without it knowing that as soon as it touched me it made the biggest mistake of its existence. Choosing me as a target is the reason the people it's held as prisoners will go free. Had it left me alone, had it poked me once or twice and moved on, I wouldn't know what I know. But it taunted me and intimidated me and bullied me until I was teetering on the very edge of death, and it would have had me plummet over the side, but I realized at the last moment that I'm the only one with the power to make that happen, and the only way it gets its way is if it can convince me to use that power against myself.
Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance.  It's place in the grieving process is the final step, before we let go and release the negative energy we are carrying.  The trouble is, there are many times we do not have any idea what it is that we need to let go.  We get stuck, cannot see a way out, do not even realize that there is an option.
If you're feeling bad, like nobody cares about you, you need to know that you are LOVED. Love is one of the most beautiful things that exist. Love is everywhere. Love is an energy, so are we. If you feel let down ,or depressed, you need to know that even if you can't see it, love is always there. When your crush hooks up with someone else and she doesn't even know you exist,and you're all sour and sad, it doesn't mean you aren't loved, not even by your parents, Jesus will always love you. If you ever think of suicide, you need to know that you will never solve your problems by vanishing, you must fight for this life,because it is the greatest gift ,even if it seems to be sometimes a burdon, your suffering will be awarded in the afterlife. Never give up. YOU ARE LOVED. There will always be hope. Be strong guys, be strong. Peace./nPatience/nGo Get Help.I'm at the beginning of my journey for healing and health.  Today my wife and I saw a counsellor for our marriage.  We will be seeing the counsellor individually as well for our own personal issues in addition to our marital struggles.  I've never sought counseling in the past though I've been keenly aware that it was needed in my life.  While I realize that I'm at the beginning of the road, and that the road will be long and difficult, I'm committed to becoming the healthiest version of myself that I can become.  If you've ever thought that you needed help, go get help.  It can be daunting to find the right therapist to fit your personality.  It can be financially challenging.  Your life is worth the risk.  Your life is worth the struggle.  Your life is worth the challenge.  I train jiu jitsu and I can say from personal experience that in jiu jitsu as in life, you cannot become complete as an athlete or as a person if you do not challenge yourself, put yourself in positions you're not comfortable with, struggle, and work through the tough things to become better.  The first step is the most difficult.  As my trainer says:  white belt is the most difficult belt to get.  You have to start.  A black belt is a white belt that never quit.  I plan to be a black belt in mental health and marital health.  I'm not going to quit on me or my wife or our son.  Don't quit on yourself.  Take the first step.  You're stronger than you think you are./nA great and Positive Sunday/nFinally6 moths ago I found back my best friend and I took the bravery to tell her about my depression and about my ptsd
Of course I learned over time that oral hygiene was important. However, by this time I didn’t have dental coverage. I was on my own and working a dead end job, barely keeping my head above water. I’d brush my teeth for work, dates, and that was about it. Half of the time I only brushed enough for my breath to not be too terrible. 
maybe ... this can encourage others. things get better. the pain will not leave me, but i will survive./nThe Yellow Chair Project: What Does Happiness Mean to You?/nJust some motivation for you hard-working folk. One of the most moving scenes of the show/nAMAZING !!YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS!!!/nWhy am I suffering/nI am really trying today and I am doing greatSo far today I have cleaned my room, ate more than two servings of fruit instead of sugary shit, cleaned up the kitchen after lunch, and got homework done, and meditated for 15 minutes. All in the same day. I am really proud of myself and I hope I can keep this up and do this every day./nPushing throughHello,
I’ve been depressed for about 6 years now. I don’t know if this happened to anyone else, but for an extremely long time, I left it untreated, and then it got worse, and around the same time that it was worsening, I had met this really amazing guy. He’s been extremely supportive and understanding with this illness, in ways that most people can’t be. I’m sure other people can relate to this: it’s extremely hard to maintain a healthy relationship while suffering from depression and not getting the proper treatment. For me, on days where I got low enough, I notice that I may not have treated some of the people who cared about me as kind as I should have, but the fact that he, as well as a few others in my circle, understood and worked with me towards improving shows a lot.
I always try to remind myself that nothing is certain, everything can and will change (for better or worse), which means appreciate the moment for what you have, and don't lose hope for what you want or need./nSymptoms of Depression with Detail and Examples/nReminder, you are allowed to be emotional and own your feelingsI see people invalidating themselves so much on /r/depression and this sub. You have a right to feel how you do, however it may be. If you feel sad for no reason, that is okay! Or if you feel numb that is fine. Feel however you want. Try not to say I should feel this when x happens or I need to feel this way. 
Literature: non-fiction (microhistory, biographies, geography and culture); fiction as in sci-fi, mystery, thriller, subtle philosophical supernatural horror. I'm more of a prose person, though I do appreciate some poetry from time to time. I might not be really refined for it? I find narratives extremely compelling, especially when it comes to crafting the story in a way that ensures the flow of events and miniscule details that are going to build up towards the resolution. I prefer contemporary prose, althought I have done my share of getting to know some crucial classics (mostly, Western, sadly), both for school and out of my own curiousity. When it comes to psychology, my horizons were influenced partly by Viktor Frankl, Erich Fromm, Rollo May, and some others who worked within the loosely defined existential school of thought. Favourite philosophers? I haven't read a lot of primary sources, but I did find reading Schopenhauer, Sartre, Camus, Benatar, challenging (in a positive way). Philosophically speaking, my interests concern mostly ethics and aesthetics. Recently I've developed a more nuanced perspective on merits of different approaches towards such topics as anti-natalism and abortions debate, so if that interests you, we could discuss those.
I, the Witchfinder-Dopethrone/nSomeone here needs this today./nDepression often accompanies substance abuse! If anyone is struggling with opioid addiction/ knows anyone that is struggling, a Virginia non-profit offers free Narcan (OPIOID overdose reversal medication/ supplies/ training). NO STIGMA. We will ship it to you. SAVE A LIFE! (Virginia only, sorry)It’s no secret that opioid abuse is a growing problem in the United States. An estimated 2.4 million people in the United States abuse prescription painkillers, and almost half a million people suffer from heroin abuse.1 But people abusing opioids also often face the additional burden of depression. Left untreated, this often hidden mental illness can make recovery even more difficult.
https://i.redd.it/segri2oenaq21.jpg/nTo whoever needs to hear this...I was Army Infantry for 10 years. Did 3 tours in Iraq. I've had PTSD and depression for a while now. It gets really dark sometimes, even with my wife (who is wonderful) and kids (who are great but a handful) pulling me up. I've checked myself into the VA mental ward for suicide thoughts, been fired for threatening co-workers, and lost friends because of the way I speak.
*Disclaimer: I don’t respond to cynicism. If you need me to elaborate on something, I’m happy to do so! If you’re here to passive-aggressively insult me or this post, please value your time and do something productive with it. 😀*
