I was born into a pretty poor family so i spent most of my life living with my grandparents, 2 uncles, 1 aunt, 2 siblings and my mother. My dad wasnt around for the most part but came around sometimes, i dont hold anything against him because his dad was shot and killed before he was even born. Me and my dad actually have a decent relationship even if estranged. But even then since he wasnt around most of the time my grandfather was basically my only positive male role model considering my uncles were alcoholics and maybe on drugs. Anyways my childhood was kind of shitty in some ways and kind of alright in other ways. We were on food stamps and welfare and that kind of shit but since so many of us were living together we had some nice things since most of the adults worked. The neighborhood wasnt that bad, think of it somewhere inbetween a suburb and a trailer park. However in terms of school things were kind of weird. I didnt actually go to school until i was about 11 or 12 years old. This is because i was "homeschool" which basiclly meant i read a baby book and went to the library sometimes bc my mom is agoraphobic and didnt want to pay for school clothes at the time. So i was never really taught or learned shit, i could barely read at age 10 and didnt even know what a sentence was. But anyways fast forward a couple years till im around 9 years old and in the middle of the night i wake up to my grandma screaming. Me, my sister and my mom slept in the same room so my went to see what happened and i stayed with my sister. Turns out my grandad had a heart attack and died in the restroom and my grandma found hid body. My dad comes to pick me and my siblings up and im not really sure what to think even though i know hes dead. About a year later i became extremely depressed and thought about killing myself and its only been getting worse since then, but ill get to that later. Anyways my grandad left my mom some money he saved up and from his life insurance. He left my mom a note telling her to keep all of it for herself, sell the house, and move away. We moved into some apartments with my grandma and this is around when i first went to a real school. It was a private school that i went to for about a year or 2. It was around here that i realized how far behind i was from everyone my age. They told me i was dyslexic but in reality i just never learned to perform at my grade level. I also couldnt do any kind of basic math. However it pissed me off that everyone was so much better and smarter then me so i taught myself mostly everything bc the school was focused more on religion then actual teaching and eventually ended up reading above my grade level and being decent at math. I eventually started going to a charter school which was a lot better for me. Also around this time one of my uncles killed himself, im still not sure exactly why. Anyways we moved out of the apartments to a really nice suburb in a alright house.My mom found a boyfriend with a nice job to support us and theyre still together now. My grandma has always been addicted to pain killers but it was around right now when it really started to get bad. She ended up dying in her sleep and me my mom and her boyfriend found her body. I didnt really feel anything this time besides a tight pain in my chest. Maybe it was just because i had learned to hide my emotions bc anytime i tried to talk about my depression i was ridiculed. But fast forward to now, ive been out of school for the entire year and i finally had a talk with my mom about my depression. A couple years ago she started developing schizophrenic tendencies against my cousins and my dads side of the family. I told her that i wanted to move in with my dad, go back to school and get a job. She hated this. Shes always hated my dad but i told her i just wanted to be happy. She doesnt care though. She called me crazy and got me prescribed on anti depressants. I fucking hate pills and i dont want to take them. She doesnt care. If i was living with my dad id be happier. Like i said my mom is agoraphobic so shes extremely controlling, shes also manipulative. I just want to be happy but apparently thats too much to ask. Im still trying to convince her to let me move with my dad but she hates him so much. If things dont change ill probably end up killing myself by 2020. I havent even talked to anyone outside of my house besides the people who prescibed me the medication.
Grandma's Funeral, Aunty's Funeral, Family Fighting, sibling moved because of the fighting, grades dropping, work piling up, Anxiety Attacks, self-doubt growing help me pleaseIt's the last straw for me i've been suffering through this immense fear and stress due to me not being able to do anything right the reason why my family fights and why I couldn't do anything to keep my sibling from moving out the house, not on my families terms causing more anger from my parents that they love releasing on me or each other. Gosh I have so much goddamn work I don't know what to do I keep messing up I think I do grade A studying but I don't get the grade I want cause i'm a stupid person who can't mess up along the way gosh why am I like that I feel like other people succeed and don't even try and here I am dealing with the whole burden of my family, my work, and the fact that I can't do anything cause I'm such a stupid person gosh I don't know what to do these anxiety attacks are preventing me from doing anything and I'm messing up more please help me
Im 14 and hate my dad more than anything in the worldMy dad is an actual fucking retard. He fucked our family over 3 years ago by leaving his job. Now mom has to work extra at home and is very tired and has alot of body pains to keep us living here ( In dubai ) dad is doing nothing about it. He thinks he is never wrong, he owns everything including the house ( Even though mom pays for everything even his dumb buisness that never worked ) and he still thinks that he can coach me in life and tell me how to "develop myself as a person" well i dont want to fucking develop into a selfish dumb piece of shit like him. ( He is overweight and whenever confronted he says il exercise when i feel like it ) He wants to move to america even though we would get fucked cus neither parents can get a job there. My mom is very angry at him and only talks to him at a basic level ( Nothing that an actual couple who loved eachother would talk about ( Just basic conversations)) i dont know what to do im only 14 so i cant move out. And if i kms maybe my dad will realize hes a stupid piece of trash and just leave. I need help. Someone help me. Please. Before its too late.  He also shouts at me and my family alot our maid is leaving us because of how much he shouts at us and sometimes her. He never sees that he is wrong even if he makes the whole family cry.
Fuck meI feel as if my teen years were used for hollowing my personality into a fucking husk for the sake of my parents and everyfuckingone else around. I feel like I'm feeling and behaving as a teen in my twenties and I refuse to believe it's my fault. But there's so much pressure and so much growing up to do I have to do in a matter of weeks. I need to bang my fucking head on something, I need to escape from this family, I wish I didnt fucking exist I'm so done, I dont ever want to feel peace or tepid anxiety again I just want to be angry all the time like rn, only this feels real. I don't want to be used to commodity; I wish I was born struggling, with another reality, never believing in hell. I want to leave, I need to feel safe I want to feel accepted and I must be useful. I dont want to be tied to a fucking orgasm, I'd give up love in 10 heartbeats. May the day that I dont give a fuck what I wear or who I love come soon and honestly because I'm frustrated to sadness of having to fear my father and the life he's led turning into my own. I don't want to believe, I dont want to believe.
I just finished up my shift and was scrolling through Instagram after getting changed. I’m alone at work and I’m just waiting for my wet mop patch to dry so I’m just standing around in the bathroom being lazy and waiting. Someone’s picture scrolls by of their birthday celebration, it’s in black and white, they’ve got big silver balloons behind them with their age, they’re dressed up, they’ve got a little tiara on their head, she looks happy and she’s tagged her friends who she’s out with. I knew her in school, not really friends and I’ve seen tons of pictures like that before loads of times, especially on Instagram.  For some reason it just struck me, being happy out with friends, someone’s taking their picture, celebrating their birthday, they’ve got a little tiara and they look like a friggan princess. My birthdays coming up and I just realized no one will ever do that for me. I haven’t been ‘out with the girls’ like that in almost 5 years. No ones going to take my picture, get me balloons, let me wear a stupid little tiara and sing me happy birthday.
If you haven't found Meetup yet, you have got to try it out....With only four weeks since my STBX moved out, I am not really in the mood to date. BUT I do want to get out and meet people. I read a couple of responses on here that suggested Meetup.com and I tried it out a couple of weeks ago. We have a great group that I joined, full of diversity. They meet every couple of weeks and it is a great way for me to get out, meet with adults, and actually learn how to converse again. It's very nice to hang out with a group whose only expectation is that you communicate with one another. I am even thinking about starting my own group with a different focus. For all those out there trying to heal I strongly recommend Meetup as opposed to the typical dating site. You will get the interaction you are looking for without all the pressures of the dating life. Plus, you get to practice on your communication skills and being more comfortable with yourself and others.
Girlfriend wants to move 1,200 miles away with my daughter. I've been so depressed for the last few months with no one to talk to.My girlfriend and I have been together for 4 years now. She's 22 and I'm 27. We have a beautiful 2 year old daughter. Life has pretty much been a daily routine. We have our occasional vacations, go out to eat, try new things here and there. Just this year she started acting differently, she's always on her phone. She always has a temper, always getting mad a me, doesn't acknowledge me one bit. While at work she doesn't say a word to me, she used to text me all the time. Telling me she loves me, she misses me, etc. She finally came out a couple months ago and tells me that she has a job interview... 1,200 miles away. She wants to move out there, get settled then come back for my daughter. At this point she just starts telling me that she doesn't love me, or want to be with me anymore. She finally flew out on Thursday, had her interview yesterday. She didn't get the job. She comes back tomorrow. She just told me that she still plans on moving over there even though she didn't get the job. That she is gonna come back get my daughter and leave... I'm so depressed. I don't know what to do. I have tried over and over again to talk to her. To try to work things out, and nothing...
I feel like my life and happiness is broken beyond repair.I can’t ever see myself being truly happy after the last year and a half. I’ve lost a family member, my dog (who had been my life companion), I was allowing myself to be treated like shit by someone who I thought I was going to marry while he went around finding someone else to date. I’ve been on dates with new people, but all of them ended up choosing someone else. My mental health is worse than it’s been in my entire life. I’m always paranoid and on edge, I don’t like being with people but I get depressed when I’m alone. I have some friends but none that I feel like I can really depend on. I’m so worried about my parents and their health, because I’m an only child and I’m afraid I’m going to end up alone in the world.  Everything just feels so hopeless and it feels like something I won’t be able to recover from. It’s like all my resilience has been killed. I have no motivation to even try anymore. The world just seems like such a hopeless place, and people go through far worse things than what I described and there seems to be no fairness to it at all.
I wish she still loved me. It's the most painful piece of truth. She was the one thing that made things okay. The way I could lay in her lap. Now she doesn't want me to. And she's right. What the fuck am I. What the fuck have I become. Have I ever even been something else. You know how evil I am? She's the person I love most genuinely and purely in the world, and I still want her to be with me. I know how evil I am. I know how much of a mess I am. I know it fucking ruins her. Yet I want it. Because I am evil. The funny thing is they all don't want me to kill myself, yet for me to accept it all, i'll have to be a different person anyway. There are parts of me this has attached to that are too fundamental to remove without removing m the rest. So what's the fucking difference anyway. I'm going to die. my heart hurts so much and who knows what it means. Am i just being evil? Is this just the stupid fucking functions, the stupid fucking lies to convince me to reproduce? i hate it all. i hate it all and i want it fucking go away.
Feeling depressed lately and don't know what to doI'm a 25 year old male. Stuck living at home because I work in a high cost of living area (I make $60k and studio apartments start at over $2k in this area) and I hate it. My parents house is small, I have very little privacy, and I'm treated like a child. I'm in a relationship that feels dead. My job has good days and bad days. Feel like I'm going nowhere in life and so detached and apathetic to everything. I want to move but it seems so difficult to get a job out of state while currently working a full time job here. Plus I just feel drained and tired all the time and that with anxiety makes it difficult for me to find motivation to better myself. Not sure if I should see a therapist/psychiatrist. I don't really wanna be on medication due to side effects (afraid that SSRIs will cause weight gain/sexual problems). I just feel really stuck and not sure what to do and I have nobody to talk to about it.
Throughout my whole life I used to get this feeling that would travel up the back of my head towards the top, I would feel full and alive in my head, in turn I would feel grounded and actually here. However for the past few months I haven't felt that feeling at all and whenever I attempt to, it feels very strained and never reaches the top of my head, instead it feels blocked and pushed back down my neck. This has  impacted me in so many ways where I feel as If I cannot focus, I cant absorb what I read or even stay focused when reading (my eyes are constantly scanning the page and not focusing on the words) I feel as if I'm here but not exactly here?? Like I'm not experiencing what I should be?? I'm getting very stressed out over it and have difficulty feeling emotion if any. Does anyone know what this could be? How do I undo the blockage in my neck and restore that feeling that I used to feel? I'm hoping if I do feel it then I'll feel alive or full in my head again. If it helps I did a CT scan and nothing was wrong with my head although my neck was shown to be very tense, I asked around my family  as well and they felt my neck with comments saying it's really tight.
Depression caused from work?Has anyone else felt that they've gotten more depressed through time due to work being extremely stressful? I've been at my job for almost 4 years and in the past year or so I'd say it's been completely chaotic. People are overworked, the place is extremely micromanaged/mismanaged and many have already gone on burnout. I've been on the verge of burnout many times and I've had my first panic attacks since working here. I'm going on a big trip to Europe this Summer and I've never looked more forward to something so I'm really waiting to look for another job more proactively after that since I need the money for the trip and it pays well where I'm currently at. Plus I don't want any added stress than I already endure due to starting a new job right before the trip. Also I wouldn't get my two weeks vacation, and if I did it wouldn't be paid. Anyways, I've suffered from depression and OCD since I was a teenager (I'm 31 now), and I have misophonia really bad and I've found everything's gotten significantly worse since I've worked here and I really feel the stress plays a huge role. Does anyone else relate to this? I'm currently taking SJW and it's helped with my depression a lot and I just recently switched brands, but I feel I'm going off the edge more again. My work is drama galore, which I can't fucking stand. Bickering every single day about something and there's just always something going on. There can't be one day where it isn't a fucking zoo. It's sooo mentally draining.
The suicide hotline hung up on me. I feel so sad.I ran out of my Zoloft so I haven't been able to take it for two days since its the weekend. the withdrawl is making me feel like shit. I have been doing fantastic for months now but today was awful. I just feel like such shit. I can't find a psychiatrist to resubscribe my medications. Every phyciatrist I call says they only offer counsiling. maybe I sound like a drug seeker to them when I call. I'm not. I just want my prescriptions redone. I was diagnoised years ago. I take zoloft which i ran out of two days ago. xanax which i ran out of two months ago. but my panic attacks have come back so I'm trying to get that repruscribed. the only meds I have enough of are my adderall and my thyroid medicine. I feel so guilty that I havn't gone outside today even though I didn't even want to. I told myself I'd stay home and enjoy today. I still like shit for not going outside and enjoying the weather. does anyone have advice for calling phyciatrists. my insurances website is almost zero help
Have you ever had that feeling?I honestly feel like a scrub posting this and I know that my troubles are not as bad as many of you on this sub but ask you to read this whole, have you ever had the feeling that when a movie series is over or book series is over that your life has nothing else to look forward to and you just want to dream forever about how good your life could of been, so as stupid as this sounds I have just watched the First and second Hunger Games movies and I don't want it to ever end. I want to be apart of something similar to that or just live a story for a life and live for something and be something, I realize that you are probably about to go back and read something else but please don't cause it's more than just that, it makes me depressed and heartbroken knowing that my life will very similar to many other people in the world and that there is always someone to replace me. I just feel like something is missing right now and that typing this right now might make it better. It just has so much power and influence in me right now (the movies) and making me emotional.
The biggest soul sucking bit came last week. My dad was diagnosed with cancer. We find out tomorrow what his outlook looks like, but I don't thinks its gonna be good. He has a large tumor in his lung, its inoperable and cancerous. The cancer already spread to his kidneys, liver, and stomach. I don't know what to do. I had a massive panic attack when I found out. I was alone with him because my mom was at work and I tried to hold it in but ended up having to leave the room and ended crying so hard I was coughing up acid reflux. I've never lost anyone close to me, just grandparents when I was young and I can't remember it very much. I love my dad so fucking much. My mom and I fight a lot but my dad and I have this silent connection. I honestly can't imagine my life without him and i'm so scared. Everything in my house is changing. My mom and I are exhausted and stressed because he's in pain and can't do much for himself. Its so fucking sad to see.
My situation:   Married 20 years, together 24.  Lack of intimacy has been the primary problem almost since day one.  Can't remember the last time we had sex, but it's been years, and it was never fulfilling. We saw a counsellor going on 9 years ago after my spouse had an affair (a symptom of the problem).  I couldn't bear to put my (at the time 7yo) through a divorce, so I decided to keep things together. Since then, I would describe us as being friends, partners, roommates, but it's just not enough.  I'm miserable.  I am craving affection and intimacy that she cannot give me. On top of that, or because of it we've grown apart.   I know the only way I'm going to be happy again is to move on, and move out, but at the same time I don't want to blindside my spouse.  I want to start the conversation, "I haven't been happy in a long time. Remember 9 years ago, well nothing has changed since then, and it's time to do something...". I feel like bring that up out of nowhere is unfair, but what is the alternative?
But lately, I can't. I can't help but wonder why I'm with him, I can't help but wonder why we stayed together after all the massive shit we've gone through. I can't wrap my head around how fucking terrible he is to me sometimes. I KNOW he can't always help it, I KNOW he's fucking depressed...but so am I and I have no idea where to turn to for this. I just need to feel like I'm not fucking crazy for being hurt, despite the perfectly understandable reason that he's just fucked up in the head. I'm just so angry and hurt and depressed and anxious and I just need to feel like I have a reason to be. I know no one on here can give me hope that things will get better between us, even though we both want them to, because no one here knows us personally, so I won't be expecting that. I just needed to vent. Does being depressed automatically make you shitty towards other people? I've met so many depressed people who are fucking angels but it doesn't seem to be the case with him so I don't know. Is it easier being with someone who's depressed but at least a nice person? These are questions I always think about. What about those people that just ARE mean because they're depressed? Is there no hope? Fuck, I don't know.
I returned after New Years and the first three or so months were very hard.     I moved into a squalid room I was renting a few towns over.     It was brutally cold,   almost no heat.  The showers unforgivingly lukewarm.    I was so alone and isolated for time I was there.   On my second day,  I just broke down,  sobbing on my floor at how pitiful my life had become.    During the subsequent weeks I just kept busy with overtime,   and Uber.  I felt empty inside,   like food didn't taste good anymore  .  Nothing I watched was entertaining.     I simply felt dead to the world.      Barely any messages or contact was exchanged with the ex.      Outside of arranging visitation for our daughter or a few heated jousts about finances,  we didn't talk.   Through that winter she was disgustingly drunk everyday.  Often passed out on her face by 3pm.       DSS had visited multiple times and began to threaten intervention.   With my current living situation I had no chance at custody.   I was in a pretty bad place mentally living there.      I will never forget the cold and the misery.
If you have any advice... pleaseI’m going through a tough time in my life, my grades are slipping, i feel as though my friends aren’t really my friends just fake friends, and im always at a constant fear for losing them, i play games way too much, i know i have to pick myself up but i just can’t seem to do it. My parents worked so hard to get me to this position and i feel like i’m throwing it all away, i feel like im letting them down because they sacrificed everything to get me here. I just got in trouble for skipping school for a few days, and my parents are mad at me and this isn’t the first time its happened, i’ve been trying for 3 years to quit gaming but every time i come back to it, people consider me a prodigy in csgo but i just can’t fucking deal with my parents, they want me to quit gaming and focus on grades and apart of me wants to but a huge portion of me loves gaming and i must admit its an addiction, i spend 4-6 hours a day just playing csgo. Its absolutely driving me insane how im “wasting” precious, valuable time on games while i know my parents are disapproving of my every action. I’m crying out for a life line, from the outside my life too looks perfect, i have lots of “friends”, i could be considered to be the cool kid and i am confident. But its just driving me insane. It feels good to just write out whats going on in my chaotic life.
If I try to tell someone that I feel this way, I get laughed at. Because people somehow don't fucking understand why someone would like to not have something cut off their cock. This is what's made me a bad person. Most would laugh if I told them that I actually really hate that I am circ'd. Just me in my world of enemies. I've stopped being nice to people because, fuck them. Fuck everyone. It's bad enough hating that this has happened to me, it's another to be laughed at and shoved aside by the world for being upset by this. Maybe I can't fully get back what was stolen from me, but I sure as hell can be be an asshole for the catharsis. The reason I'll never feel love again is because I don't believe in it anymore. My eyes are wide fucking open. People don't love others. What they love is themselves. That is why the friends you get along with the best are the ones who share YOUR interests, your thoughts, your sense of humor. I've heard men talk about how they love their wives so much because of her great taste in music, her great taste in literature, her great personality. What does any of this trash mean? What a man calls a great taste in music is HIS taste in music. A great taste in literature is HIS taste in literature. A "great" personality is one similar to your own or one that compliments your own. Love isn't real. It's a fairy tail we make up to feel good inside about this shit world.
Do you ever get the sense that most anti-suicide effort is aimed more the benefit of those left behind, rather than suicidal people themselves?I'm not even necessarily saying this is always a bad thing, as trying to prevent the excruciating sadness of those who have lost their loved ones is probably a noble cause at least some of the time. But it seems to me that the actual harm of suicide is done to the loved ones of the dead person, rather than the person who committed suicide themselves. After all, the person who commits suicide wants, on some level at least, to die, and by committing suicide they get what they want. Assuming that there's nothing after death (which may be a big assumption, but I have no reason to think otherwise), there's no real harm done to the dead person, it's just...neutral. So why do I go to therapy to be convinced that I shouldn't kill myself? It seems like the reason has less to do with my own wants/needs and more with the needs of everyone else. Which is fair enough, I guess.
Now her back is NOT hurting so I suggested now is when she should start going to the gym with me and trying these things the trainer gave her to build her core, get her back in shape, relieve her back pain and also as a result, lose the extra weight.  Nope, I'm just an asshole I guess, she refuses to do anything that might hurt her back and isn't willing to try anything.  I am really stuck.  I know part of this is me being shallow and I fully expect the women here to tell me what an asshole I am, but at the same time is it fair that I should live the rest of my life without a partner and put up with her verbal abuse, laziness, coldness, lack of affection, lack of sex, lack of attractiveness and lack of drive to do anything but wallow in misery and play the victim?  So I guess I'm a shallow asshole because I want a thin, attractive wife who doesn't yell at me and the kids all the time.  The thing is, I know if she would just DO SOMETHING about her back pain, these issues would go away and she would be back to her old self, but I can't get her motivated to do a damn thing.  Compile that with the kids in there that I wouldn't be able to see every day and I really feel stuck and confused.  I don't know that my state would award sole custody to me, it would be rare for sure, but even a 50/50 schedule would be so hard on me.  Is this even something to get all worked up about and consider a divorce in the first place?  Should I just stay married and pick up a side piece to work out my physical desires and stay in the marriage to see the kids?  My morals tell me no, but the longer this goes on the more often that thought pokes into my head I gotta be honest.  If we didn't have children I am sure I would leave.  My kids are everything.  Not seeing them every single day would wreck me.  So confused.  So there it is Reddit, any advice anyone can offer?
Can't wait another minute !I wanted to wait another 3 years till my youngest graduated high school and went off to college.  I can't wait another 3 minutes . I have 2 older daughters that are self sufficient 22 and 18.  They actually took me out to lunch and told me "it's time to leave dad" . They can tell how unhappy and emotionally tortured I am. He's extremely mean and always picking fights with me . This weekend was the end for me when he fought with me for standing too close to his friend . I'm 48 yrs old female, married for 23 years, together for 28. He's just extremely mean and always picking fights with me. Neither of us have cheated.  I stayed this long for the sake of the family, but I honestly can't do it anymore . He refuses to leave the house . So now we'll be forced to sell it . The sale will give us enough to pay off the mortgage and all our debt . I'm not financially secure right now. I've worked  full time our first 18 years of marriage when the kids were little, because he was always in between jobs .  Now I'm working  part time making $15/ hour. He told me he will not give me a dime if we divorce . He's very angry and spiteful. He makes over $250k a year. I know florida laws suck when it comes to alimony . A few women I know said they never got any money from their ex . I don't mind working 3 jobs and I'm not a spoiled brat that needs stuff . I just want peace in my life ! It scares me to death that I won't make enough money to live . Does anyone know what legal rights I have if he doesn't pay ?
I am so tiredI don't really know what else to do. I haven't really gotten anyone that I can talk to. I keep mentalizing sticking a pocket knife deep in my arm. I tried talking to my girlfriend, but everytime I try talking to her it ends up becoming a terrible argument. I'm in a really bad place and I tend to be more direct when talking to people when I am like that. But she says I'm being rude and that she doesn't deserve to be treated that way, she has already a lot on her plate and her own problems. I don't understand what way I'm treating her that is so negative. I don't know how to communicate with her without her getting mad at me or sad. I really don't know what to do anymore and I don't have anyone else. I just want this pain to go away, this agony. I haven't stopped crying for 3 days now and tomorrow I have to go to university and I don't know how I'm going to make it. My masters is draining me. My advisors are literally just that on a paper, they overlooked a small mistake I (and 2 other students!) made that made me lose a whole year of work, just like that. I am literally racing against time now and I am just having a really bad time dealing with this. I can't focus. I've been on zoloft for over a month now and it hasn't really helped much. And the longer I take to be productive, the more anxious I get and eventually depressed. I am utterly useless. I am so tired of everything, I just wanted a break, you know? Something to break through the agony. Both. I can't deal with all of it anymore. I'm tired of the discussions, of the anxiety, of having to live with my parents in order to finish my fucking masters. My parents who find every little thing to complain about me and my father, who is always always right and completely unable to deal with anger. And I'm tired of having to stay closeted while I live here because I wouldn't be able to stand it anymore if they got worse with their homophobic comments. If they targeted them at me.
I messed up.A few months ago, I was back in my old college town for a meeting. My roommates walked into the bar where my meeting was as it ended, so I stayed and drank with them. I started to leave, but I realized I was not in shape to drive. My ex-girlfriend was parked outside of the bar, and so I went to ask if I could crash on her couch. I thought this was okay because she had reached out for my help the night we broke up because she almost got a DUI and our breakup was otherwise amicable. Regardless, my roommates followed me to where she was and told her I was there and that they didn't know what I was going to do. It freaked her out and she left. I immediately had a breakdown and told someone I was going to kill myself (my depression had been building for a few months). My roommates spent most of the night trying to get me to go to the hospital. Eventually, I got a room in the same hotel they were staying in for the weekend. I woke up, walked to a CVS to buy tylenol, walked to my car, drove out to a remote spot, and took the tylenol to try to kill myself. I told a few friends goodbye, and they begged me to go to the hospital. I refused to go unless my ex told me to. She called me and asked where I was and sent an ambulance. They took me to the hospital. When I got out, my roommates tried to kick me out, my ex filed and then dropped a restraining order, and then she blocked me on everything. I've messed up everything important to me, and I know I'm an awful human being.
Your best friend is time. Only in time will your brain stop dumping shitty emotions into itself. There's no avoiding it. Talk to your loved ones. Exercise. Dig your heels into a hobby or work. Focus on your kids. Remind yourself that you fucking matter and that your self esteem shouldn't be tied up in what somebody else thinks, least of all somebody who doesn't love you anymore or respect you the way that you deserve to be respected. It's all on you now, and you're not about to let yourself down, are you? Fuck no. You're going to come through this, and you're going to be stronger on the other end. And the rest of us divorcees will be here in this sub to help you and listen to you every step along the way, because we know this pain, too, and nobody should have to go through this alone. Godspeed to everyone dealing with what is possibly the most traumatic event of your life, and if you are still lost, may you find a ray of light in the darkness.
He ‘never physically cheated on me’, but moved his new girlfriend in in less than six weeks from when we separated, before my stuff was even moved out.STBX husband and I started dating seven years ago, we were married for three. In October I found a pair of worn panties under our couch and searching/saving numbers for local escorts amongst other sketchy behaviour. He also had a porn addiction that he normalized our whole relationship. He claimed he never did anything physical and had no idea where the panties were from. But at the very least he was actively looking for ways to cheat. When I asked him for space (two weeks out of the house) he refused, saying ‘where am I supposed to go?’. I slept in the basement of my work for weeks. He makes 4x as much as me, and my work is only a few blocks away from our house while his is a 30 min drive. I took off a week at work to spend time with my parents five hours away to wrap my head around things. I wrote him a long letter while I was there. When I returned he refused to read it, saying it ‘would hurt too much’. Well one of the main issues of our relationship (mystery panties aside) was that he never listened, so I wrote him the letter so he could look back and reread it and work on things. He didn’t even try to save things, just kept repeating that he’s a good guy and did nothing wrong. It was the end of November then, I told him if he wouldn’t give me space, I’d have to get myself space by moving out at the end of January.
At the beginning of the year I moved back in with these same friends. It started out great and felt fine. I formed a sort of relationship with one of my roommates( she has a child with another one of my roommates).at first I resisted heavily and didn’t want to affect my standing at the house or with my friends. After about two weeks of back and forth, her asking to be close to her and me trying to keep my distance. After those two weeks I broke down and initiated some romance.  they hadn’t been together for some time and she seemed to have a huge interest in me. She wanted me and that felt incredible. I felt guilty for sleeping with my friend’s ex girlfriend, but she had been very sad before we got together and I felt like I made her happy and she made me happy. So I dove in. I accepted the situation and accepted that I had lost a friend but gained a closer connection with her. We lived with a bunch of tension in the house, but our nighttime cuddling and time together made up for this tension. After 2 months she told me she wanted to get back with her previous boyfriend and fix her family. We sat down and talked about this, I explained to her how much it hurt for her to bounce right back to him after I resisted so long and finally opened up. I felt like she used me to make him jealous and get him back. After this talk she said she was going to focus on herself and her son and try to feel better about herself. I was okay with that, thinking we’d still talk and be close just not have a romantic relationship. I can’t deal with it though  I’m too jealous and read into everything she does as wanting to be with him. She tells me she wants to be alone, but I can’t believe it.
Why am I doing this?Hi, hello, I'm only writing this because i need to vent so i might as well do it in hopes someone is bored enough to read this, otherwise, you can just ignore my pathetic whining and go about your day. Anyways, I am in my first year of college and I am completely fucking everything up. I haven't made any new friend because I'm horrible at existing around other people, and my grades are just sad. I should have better grades considering i have no friends here and do absolutely nothing besides sleep and sit on my phone/computer for house when i could be doing something school related instead but nope. I'm just lazy and complete pathetic. I always miss assignments either by accident or just didn't do them, I skip classes i deem unimportant on purpose even tho it screws up my attendance/grade, and overall i just don't give a shit about being here. I am here because I would like to better my future but I'm too much of a piece of shit to actually do something. I'm going to end here cause this would be way too long otherwise. If people read this, idk why you did but I hope you do better than me and have a good day.
i....*i was planning my suicide for this friday, the 21st. i prepared since wednesday cleaning, organizing, fasting, and gathering up materials for a hanging. i however decided not to go through with it. i made notes to every person in my life that i care deeply for, as well as a suicide note addressed to anyone who would read it. i then made 450 hand written notes to everyone in my senior class, and as i was creating them i had a lot of time to think. i realized that i should wait. all the notes i wrote to those closest to me showed me how much i matter in their lives and how my absence would affect them deeply. even if i don't really understand that now i think i will come to my senses eventually. this feeling of wanting my existence to end prematurely is something i will never get rid of, i'm just not going to act on it for the sake of others. my thought is to wait for the new year and if by that time if i'm still ready to leave, i will go. my notes and everything else are prepared so i will wait. i will wait until 010919. then my time will come, and i will embrace my transition wholeheartedly. thank you for listening. :)*
I have several things making me sad tonightNobody outside of my small friend group of 4 people talks to me. It sucks so much. Even when I used to be alone, nobody took the chance to talk to me, they all just sort of ignored me. Hell, even when i used to cry in public, people still ignored me. There's only been a few people who tried once and never talked to me ever again. I've heard some people even tell others not to talk to me. It makes me really sad to think about how even nice people just give up on me. I must be extremely pathetic. The only friends i have left mostly interact with each other and occasionally include me. My girlfriend is the only one who gives me happiness. I dont have any classes with her anymore so now i barely talk to her. i have a huge lack of motivation because of it. I get sad thinking about going to school and interacting with the same 4 people about the same things. I want to either be able to talk to my girlfriend more or talk to new people. Of course thats never gonna happen though because people think im a creep.
Edit: Thank you all for your replies.  I have read every post.  The one thing I should say here is that I do realize that it wouldn't take much for everything to fall apart if we had a second child, but that it would take a miracle for everything to work out well if we did.  The bottom line is that we have a fundamental disagreement about our roles as a married couple.  In order, my priorities are 1) My child and 2) our marriage.  Her priorities seem to be 1) our child 2) a sibling for our child and a very distant third: our marriage.  This isn't an irreconcilable difference normally, but what seems to be driving it that way is that she has no apologies about having everything her way, from parenting decisions to what we do on the weekend.  At best, she takes my decisions and treats them as optional suggestions (like an advisor) as long as it doesn't interfere or conflict with anything she would do. When I put my foot down and don't budge on anything (especially having a second child), she simply can't handle that she doesn't have any control.
Okay, so. Yesterday was prom. I care about the girl i went with so much and were kind of talking too. she knows i deal with anxiety depression insomnia and some other shit. anyway. everyone got up at prom and started dancing. this freaked me the fuck out dor whatever reason. i really really felt like i was going to break down so i went outside and walked around. turns out i didnt have the willpower to go back inside with everyone dancing and shit. i was out there for 3 hours by myself, and the occasional teacher coming out to check on me which made me feel even worse. eventually i went back in just because i felt so fucking bad for not dancing with her and i just hung out with her on the dance floor. eventually prom ended, she was happy , and i wasnt. We went to afterprom and were sitting down together on a bench. i end up getting so tired im literally falling asleep. she reaches over and puts her arm around my waist and kissed by head and like rubbed me in an affectionate way. i looked at her and i hugged her so hard because thats literally one of the nicest things anyone has ever done me and one of the happiest moments of my life. prom is over now and i havent heard from her since and its making me super sad, and i know i only have 2 more months with her bc of college... i really dont know why this makes me so upset but it seriously does
I wish I was dead.I honestly feel like I should be dead by now. I always cause pain to others. I always feel like I bug everyone and I'm not important. Grew up with family always being around then I left and now I'm all alone. Boyfriend probably wishes he could leave me and it sucks to have such negative thoughts. What sucks even more is that I feel hatred everywhere and I feel like I'm the mistake when it comes to everyone's expectations. I try to be nice and I try to do everything for everyone. I always tend to say the wrong things and tend to feel the wrong emotions in the most inconvenient times. It's if I wish I was mute or someone could cut off my tongue. It sucks so bad. I thought my depression went away but it only comes back worse even more. I can't sleep. Can't eat. It's the worst thing ever. I'm letting myself go but no one can ever help me. I feel like I will burden someone with my thoughts. I want help but sadly everything is expensive and who would want to listen to me? I'm a nobody and better off dead anyways.
When I was eight my dad died from cancer and I was raised by a single mother. From the outside she looks like this strong woman who raised two kids through turbulent times but in cold hard reality she was about as terrible a parent as you can get. She constantly threatened to 'run away' and leave us when we were naughty, routinely told me I was adopted, moved us in with various boyfriends and blamed me personally for the failure of the relationships ("my life would be so much better if you were never born"). When I was 11 she made me beg one of her boyfriends to take her back when he broke up with her because he didn't like the fact she had children. Another one of her boyfriends was 'permitted' to physically abuse me in pretty extreme ways. I would get hit with planks of wood for not unloading the dishwasher and put in arm bars for talking back. I have never heard her admit to being wrong about anything, never heard her apologise and really can see no way to get along with her when she is so extremely different to me. She is racist, has no interest in education or anything more intelligent than reality television and lives off of a tiny monthly life insurance/government pension paid out to widows.
- I wish I knew that I'd have more fun dating after my marriage ended than I ever did before I met my ex. I didn't feel like dating or sex for a long time, but I bought brand new sexy underwear that no one had ever seen before -- just for myself. I had been so serious about dating and partnership as a younger person, and my divorce gave me permission to just have fun when I finally felt ready to date again. I called it my year of dating badly -- but it lasted more than a year and there was nothing bad about it. I dated men I had fun with, regardless of long term potential. An underemployed aspiring novelist who gave great backrubs. A bro 6 years my junior who was a terrible conversationalist but *so. very. hot.* A guy who liked to talk about burning man. A drummer. A member of the clergy. I even had a too-epic-to-be-true wedding hookup. Here's a secret I wish I'd known: if you're open and honest about what you're looking for, it doesn't matter whether you disclose your divorce on your dating profile or on the first date or the fourth. And here's another secret: you *can* have really great sex after a divorce.
So, my fellow divorcees, get out there and do something adventurous! Pick something, anything at all, that you've always wanted to do and make it happen. Go it alone, no matter how tempting it might be to try to convince a friend to go with you. It doesn't have to be fancy or extravagant (unless that's your thing) and even a tight budget can accommodate a lone adventure. Plan it out for as long as you like, or drop everything on the spur of the moment and just go. Whether you've always wanted to try bungee jumping or sky diving, or if you want to rent a kayak and go on a group tour, or check out a new hiking trail, or visit a comedy club or your favorite author or musician on tour; whatever it is just make the decision to do it and then *go do it!* Stay overnight in a cozy bed and breakfast or a high-rise in the city or a cabin in the woods. Whatever makes your inner screaming fangirl jump for joy at the mere thought of, make it happen. Whatever your version of a reset button is, whatever relaxes you and puts a smile on your face, get out there and do it.
I hung myself 17 years agoI was 20 years old. I wrapped a heavy insulated wire around a tree branch, stood on an old metal folding chair and wrapped the stiff wire around my neck a bunch of times, I said to myself "well, this is it" and stepped off the chair. I was instantly unconscious. I woke up in a hospital thinking it was the next day but two days had passed and I was tied to the bed with sores around my ankles where I was restrained. They told me my body was wrenching and writhing violently and the paramedics thought I was on pcp. One of my roommates found me hanging and had saved my life. Thanks, I guess. I was sent to a mental hospital with a very sore throat. Turns out I don't like being locked up. I told them what they needed to hear and they let me out in 72 hours. I've tried to appreciate this second chance for 17 years. I'm not lonely. I'm my happiest and most at peace when no other person can see or hear me. There is no hope, nothing helps. I could see the future back then as I can now and I want/ed no part of it. I've tried. I've tried so fucking hard. I've had my last birthday.
By summer I was dating regularly.   On Plenty of Fish and Tinder.    Met quite a few fascinating women and had some nice romances with a few of them.      Even had an official girlfriend by late July.     We both adored each other and were together till about two weeks ago.    Sadly,   just the time restraints, kids, and the distance,   since she lives about 35 mins away.   These all slowly fizzled us.       We did have some great times together.   She initiated but it was certainly mutual.      I still miss her writing this.   During those three or so months I realized I was truly getting over my Ex wife.     We had since both started communicating again cordially,   as friends like we always had been.   We can share jokes from the internet or stories about our still mutual friends and acquaintances.    I like the new place my ex and I are at,  she concurs.     She always was a great friend and kindred spirit.  She really was a beautiful, dynamic and fantastic woman.   The real irony is, post divorce.  I remembered why I married her.
I know there are many people far worse off than me...i have a loving partner of 17 years, and a job that i love. However i also co-exist with dark clouds that seem to rule my life.  Long time sufferer of depression and anxiety currently battling against a situation that is close to defeating me. People say to have dreams and goals....well my dreams and goals weigh like a noose around my neck. Every time i feel like ive turned a corner, something comes and whips my legs away and i have to start over. And if im being honest im tired of starting over and over again. Im respectful and polite and hard working, but what i thought were qualities apparently count for nothing. I dream of taking my partner to America as we have never been able to go on holiday, yet instead of trying to save for that we are dealing with a landlord that wants to make us homeless. As a man i feel like ive failed at life. I cant understand why people want to know me so i shut myself away from the world. One of my favourite quotes is from Rocky, the one where he says its not about how hard you hit, but about how hard you get hit and keep moving forward. Well based on that analogy im on the canvas facing a 10 count and having spent most of my life in a dark place i just wonder what the point is any more.
Idk what else to doSo i’ve posted here before, like a while ago, well ever since that post i’ve joined the army and got married to the most perfect woman in the world , everything was perfect , i mean the army is strong and requires a lot of physical strength but i was doing ok, i was already 3 years in, and i reenlisted for 5 more years, but then one day the same thing took over , i started smoking weed again and tried to cut my wrist again , well that didnt go well with the army , because obviously they need a person with a clear mind to follow orders and i wasnt that person, they found out that i smoked weed and they decided to kick me out , and my dear wife learned of this and she wants a divorce , i lost my rank , everything happened at the same time, i obviously coulndt handle it , i literaly wanted to die because everything good in my life was over , i tried so many times that i forgot , well the army had enough so they sent me to a behaviour hospital (basically a hospital for crazy people) i was there for months , i thought i changed when i got out, like i got out of the hospital feeling positive and hopeful, but as soon as i get to my house it really hit me... i lost my whole house, my wife, my job ... everything... right now im waiting to be kicked out of the army and getting drunk and high everyday ... i’ve been to the hospital multiple times for suicidal behaviour, i have a ton of scars on my hands and a negative thought everyday... all of this because i wanted to forget everything with a little plant ... right now im still doing the same thing... posting this drunk and high .,, and all that crosses my mind is to end it all.. even though i got all the help and medication that can help me , i really dont see the point for me to keep living.. all i do is suffer and cry and scream..  why should i keep living in this world? Just why? I got nothing left... my family doesnt care about me.. because i smoke weed ... i just need a reason to stay in this world ... because right now i feel like humanity is really not worth it.... i rather sleep forever and forget this place that made me who i am... thanks for reading... i might read your comments .. maybe not... lets see ... hopefully angels are real and they help me..
HOW DO PEOPLE SURVIVE THISIt has been the longest year of my life. I used to coexist with my depression and anxiety, maybe not living the best life possible, but it was ok. I had a great job, friends, family, goals and ambitions, milestones I wanted to reach. Now, I don’t leave my bed most days. I’m completely broke. The depression has become my entire identity.  I’m a shell of a human being. And I’m so achingly, achingly alone. I have one friend who knows the situation and is extremely supportive, but she lives in a different country. I used to feel so much better speaking to her, but now it makes me feel even more lonely, because she’s so far away and inaccessible to me. It’s 6:25 am and I’ve spent the night crying and cutting. The tears just won’t stop. The pain is so overwhelming. I know what I need to do. I know how my story ends. It’s just a matter of when now. I have a date I’m willing to wait until, but things keep getting worse and worse and I don’t even know if I can hold out till then. I wish I had someone physically present in my life.
When we were having sex, it was the most intense and beautiful thing ever. And then we just stopped because she had drifted away. It wasn’t a deal breaker for me. Initially, I felt let down but I respected the fact that she was honest with me and she was listening to her own body and mind and expressing discontent with me. I’m an emotionally mature person and I understood that people go through their own physical and mental cycles. She had every right to stop “acting normal” with me.I decided that I’d have to win her back. I continued hoping and dreaming that by working on our relationship, one day I’d be able t o win her trust and love back. I made songs, wrote letters, gave gifts and had long conversations with her about herself and about our relationship. It’s been more than 4 years since we had sex now. As time passed, she fell back on me for all her worldly needs in terms of emotional support and I fell back on her too. She expressed her discontent with me several times over the course of our relationship and said that she wanted to leave. I would panic at the mere mention of her leaving initially but over the period of time, I grew accustomed to it. I knew that she was also suffering from a kind of sadness that I wasn’t able to make better because I was her partner and she really needed a professional to look after her. She had a traumatic childhood, amongst other things. At my request, she finally did go and see a therapist two years ago who diagnosed her with acute depression. She is a beautiful woman who has had way too much on her shoulders and her mind. I believe I took care of her over the last 6 years. I cemented her relationships within her family, her friends and even former lovers. She would feel increasingly isolated from the world so I’d work extra hard on making sure that people were seeing her and that she was being productive work wise. I encouraged her to build strong habits and rituals which would help her fight the depression. She saw different therapists and the last one recommended that she go on pills to help get through the depression. Both she and I were hesitant for her to try this because we believed it could backfire and make her dependent on the pills for life. So the pills treatment never happened. She stopped seeing the therapist. Her interaction with the world was largely through me.
We had dinner with his parents last night, I had an amazing weekend all the way around, and it all hit me that I'm happy to be free. As long as he doesn't put our child in direct danger with the girl he's seeing (she's equally abusive, and has a lot of mental issues, but that's not the point of any of this here), we will maintain a healthy relationship. I've been so terrified of what people will think when they find out that I'm seeing somebody else that I haven't let myself enjoy it fully. It sounds silly, but there was actual fear of judgement and that I'd be the bad guy. My STBXH's mom has actually been in a very similar marriage with her ex husband, and we're incredibly close so her judgement and his dad's (they're happily married), were the ones I was most fearful of, because my in laws are another set of parents to me. Point of this is, last night, they hinted at the fact that they have their suspicions of me seeing somebody else, and they know exactly who it is. They got excited about the idea of meeting him and expanding our family, instead of the disowning I was terrified of because they're not actually my parents. But, they've seen that noth my STBXH and I are much better off not being together, and they just want to add on the love, which felt like a weight lifted off my shoulders.
But don't stop trying. Please. Don't **ever** stop trying. I spent 3 months without so much as a decent night's sleep or some semblance of solace, and it paid off. Sometimes it takes more time. Sometimes it takes less time. We all have different stories and personal struggles and flavors of spousal bullshit to deal with and sometimes it feels like the whole fucking world is out to get us, *unfairly I might add*, and it's like our brain switches off to take a breather every now and then and all we can think of is a dead dial tone while we panic wondering WHAT THE FUCK AM I GOING TO DO NOW!? But life goes on. The world keeps on turning. There's no time to pussyfoot around. Make a plan and stick to it. Force yourself to get out of bed. And if you need to wallow in self-pity in bed all day, take one of those days every now and then to recharge--I took several. Hell, our 4 year wedding anniversary came and went while I was sleeping at my mom's house and it was like taking 10 steps backward in emotional progress.
That continues now, nearly two years after the divorce. There's an email, call, or text from her at least once a day about some new or old crisis about the children. And because I didn't talk with her about it, or I didn't do exactly what she asked in a timely manner, she's been forced to decide on her own about what to do. And all of our children's bad behavior is because of me, because I initiated the divorce..... etc. She tells these crises to her family, the health care providers for our children, their teachers, and anyone else interacting with our kids. She's really good at being a martyr. If I ignore her, then she will say to the doctors, teachers, and other staff "The children's father ignored this problem, and I had to deal with it myself." Most of these crises are based on a tiny bit of reality, that is blown way out of proportion. "The children's father missed a dose of the children's medication once last month... he simply can't be trusted to give medication." and she'll tell the doctor this. Doctors/teachers/staff may think it's insignificant, but they won't disagree with her about it if it's written down somewhere.
I have no idea what to do anymoreI have been battling depression my entire life. Even as a kid I didn't want to live. I have high functioning autism, major depression and anxiety. It's been a terrible week and I'm at Rock bottom now and decided to post this to see if I can't make sense of life. I am currently 23 years old. Both my parents had depression and both of them turned to drugs and alcohol. I live with my grandparents since I was nine. I was diagnosed with PTSD from living with my parents and can't actually tenner much of my childhood. I have a little brother and sister. My brother is in jail since he followed the dark path my mom took. My sister is actually doing well and lives in Virginia. My grandmother died three years ago, my mom died the year after that and now my grandfather is dying of cancer with months to live at most. I live across the street from my aunt and uncle. I work at McDonald's. My daughter was born four months ago and lives with her mom about a two hour drive away. My girlfriend who is the mother of my child broke up with me today since I am not able to even help myself. I can barely afford rent and haven't been able to afford my meds or therapy anymore. From what my therapist says my brain is messed up biologicaly. With meds I'm better, but without them I'm always depressed. My normal state of mind is me not OK. I have had no motivation to be happy all my life. Only reason I tried was because people pushed me. My family. Friends. My girlfriend. Now they either are dead, dying, or left me. So now I feel all alone and am afraid. My brain hates me and I don't have to will to fight anymore. So I don't know what to do
What if it doesn't get better?I'm laying in bed alone. I've successfully cut off everyone who may have once cared about me, even family. I haven't had any friends for 5 years. I don't even know how to talk to people anymore. I'm suppose to have a job interview today but, the idea of selling myself on why I'm the perfect candidate to work for someone feels absurd. When I don't even feel good enough to be alive. All my bad and self destructive habits have grown on top of who I am or used to be. I want to end it. I think maybe today could be the day. No one would miss me. No one even knows me. Even going to the grocery store or something small I can feel people looking through me, never at me. It's been 6 years of wanting to die. Even if I get a small glimpse at happiness I still think it would be better not to live. I've tried to get into therapy but, my last therapist said I was "too much" and that I needed more than what she could provide. So, tell me if I'm in the same place I was 6 years ago... does it (or can it) really get better?
The last few months have absolutely killed me (23F) and I see no end in sight. 2 months ago my boyfriend (25M) was in a really bad car accident. He broke the femoral neck of his femur in 2 places, his pelvis in 2 places, his collar bone, and messed up his knee pretty bad. He’s had surgeries to put plates and screws into them but he’s been out of work since and we have no clue when he will go back to work. The timing was absolutely great because we have to move by this Friday, I’ve been working my ass off to save money to move and i only work for dominos. I have all the money to find a place but I’ve been looking the last 2 months and haven’t found anything. I’ve spent $80 so far on application fees that I keep getting denied for. We are now 3 days away from having to move with no place to go to. I’ve exhausted all online, newspaper, and in person places and nothing has worked out. On top of this I’m dealing with a shoplifting charge from 4 years ago that I never took care of. They put me on probation and the amount I have to pay each month is ridiculous, just having to deal with the court and probation appointments have been really stressful and anxiety inducing, it also does not help with my depression. I have a 2 year old and I’m also going to school full time but with everything going on my grades are horrible and I’ve missed way too much school. I’m on financial probation so if I don’t finish out this semester i will lose my financial aid all together and will only be able to return to school if I pay out of pocket. I also have not been able to see my therapist in 5 months because my insurance was randomly cut off, I’ve been trying for months now to get it on, the last time I talked to them they said it should be on and they don’t know why it’s not and to just keep checking back in. I need the insurance to get my son checked out to put him in school because he currently stays with my grandpa who is the only person that can watch him but he’s really old and horribly mean, he constantly yells at him to shut up, calls him an asshole and other names, just for playing with his toys or being a normal 2 year old. This grandpa is the one that physically abused me and my siblings when we were little with constant verbal abuse. I don’t really know why I’m posting, I guess just looking for some support. I’m falling apart and there is just too much on my plate :”(
College, relationships, senior year, STRESS, please help me find a solution and make a plan.Hi. I'm 17 years old and about to enter my senior year of high school and I couldn't be more lost. I know I want to pursue nursing it's something I've always wanted to do, but I have no idea where I want to go. I have 2 local schools in mind. School A is in the ghetto, but with scholarships and aid I could go for very cheap. But I wouldn't want to live there because it's in a bad section of the city and it's small, I don't know if I'd miss out on the college experience. I toured school B and it feels like I'm redoing high school, it's cliquey and small, but it is very reputable and tightly knit with the hospital in my area. I'm pretty much guaranteed a job with this school, but I don't want to live there either because it's SOOO SMALL. School C I have toured many times and it's a good size, I could live there, it's only 30 minutes away, it's perfect. On the downside, admission requirements for nursing are a 1220 on the SAT and I got an 1130, but the required GPA is a 3.3 and I have a 3.5 so maybe they would consider me? I also have a feeling it's too familiar already, and a lot of people from my school go there that I hate. School D has many study abroad opportunities , a beautiful campus, but it's an hour and a half away, and I am currently in a 3 year relationship and I don't know if I can leave my boyfriend behind. School E is a state school that's only an hour away, so classes might be too big. Then on top of the schools I'm considering, I could go out of state to Florida, or even New Hampshire or Montana. Or I could stick around and work and move in with my boyfriend after 2 years of college (he's 19 so 2 years ahead) and still go to school and commute and figure things out. I just am picturing my life going in so many directions right now and I'm overwhelmed and considering just not even going to college anymore. I don't want to have to make a decision like this. I know I probably sound like a sissy but it's been stressing me out so bad I've never found myself in situation where I am completely lost.
Fuck the title, just read this, please.I'm just breaking down. Over the course of the past month things have just been getting worse for me. Again. A week ago, I missed some classes due to my anxiety (I was having a breakdown at the time) and I missed some big lab for my chemistry class. Today I was told that I couldn't make it up because I "already had a chance" to make it up. That was on the second day I missed. The lab has a bunch of other assignments attached to it, all of which I'll be getting a 0 on. Knowing this would ruin my grades, I got upset, crushed the screen of the chromebook I was in front of, smashed the thing on a desk, and walked out of the building, all the way home, crying. If things keep going the way they have, I won't be able to function at all. I can't handle living in society anymore, but I don't want to resign myself to sitting at home letting someone else take care of me. I have goals for myself, and I can't achieve them if I'm crippled by my anxiety, depression, and anger.
Trying something newSo here I am - just made myself a ‘hidden’ reddit account where I can vent my frustrations. Feel quite selfish for saying I’m ‘depressed’ and throwing such a word around when it’s a lot more REALER than what I’m feeling perhaps. People have way realer and more upsetting issues than I have. In fact my life would seem perfect. But I get these bouts of sadness where I feel like I don’t want to be here. It’s normal to feel poop every so often but I feel I’m either on a high or a low. I’m usually coasting a long and happy. But things just make me feel rubbish and rather than writing it down I thought I’d start posting to reddit. Is that ok? Sorry to seem like I’m being a bit of a drama queen but it’s the only thing that’ll make me stop crying or feeling sorry for myself. Also - if there any any better subs (is that what they’re called?) that I should post in, please let me know... I’m still new to reddit generally and don’t know how to use it! I have sometimes in the past tried to make myself sick or hurt myself when I feel like this, but I’d rather just not feel at all. It’s one of my biggest weaknesses - I feel too much and i hate it, especially when I’m sad. It’s such a cliche but nobody really understands me, as much as I wish they did. I also kind of wish nobody ever is able to understand me because they’d realise how messed up I am and it’s also not fair to burden anybody with this. Ok I’m going to stop- take my makeup off, get into my night clothes and watch some tv to hopefully distract myself which is what I need. Thanks for letting me just talk absolute garbage on this Reddit page, it’s much appreciated.
Then one day, I knew my life was never going to get any better.  Zero chance.  I had no hope of ever improving my life.  I would always drive second hand cars, live in houses that needed lots of work, I would always be surrounded by tons of crap that was dragged home from thrift stores, garage sales, flea markets, and on and on.  The yard was full.  The garage was full.  I had four storage units that were full.  I slept surrounded with junk piled literally up to the ceiling.  I live in chaotic squalor.  It wore me down.  I was never again going to get a good paying job.  I would never have any money to buy a single nice thing.  All my furniture was second hand.  Even my clothes and linens on the bed were second hand.  Any trip outside the house to a shopping center, watching television, or even just driving down the highway was a harsh slap in the face as I looked at all the newer and nicer cars pass men the highway.  Stores presented so many things that I would never own.  Shows on television showed people living great lives that I never would.  Reminders everywhere I looked were signs of other people’s success and happiness that I would never have.  Every day I struggled but to no avail.  I was a worthless loser and so this is what I deserved.
25, gf broke up with me for another guy, no friends who have time to hang out anymore because they have kids/work too much.But hey, at least I don't have to live with a slob anymore. Gotta rant a little, just trying to blow off steam. I put up with her trashyness, lazyness, and attention seeking attitude, and she is the one to tell me I gave up to easy. She finally took the rose colored glasses off and saw some things about me (i can be harsh and I almost always have a harsh tone even when i don't mean it) and was apparently talking to her ex the whole time behind my back. She admitted to that. I mean. What is this? HighSchool? She has never lived on her own before and has almost always had stuff handed to her. She came from an abusive family but I think her parents would buy her stuff just to get her to shut up about things. She was paying me for the car. Total so far was about $560 and I was going to surprise her by just signing the title over to her for her birthday so she could have something for herself. When she broke up with me I went ahead and did it early so she could gtfo faster. I have my own vehicles. An electric bike and a Dodge Durango. I got the car pretty cheap so I'm not out a whole lot. I'm just lonely now. Why do some people suck? Is it me? Tell me it's me so I can change myself.
It's my ex-husband's birthday todayI was thinking about my ex-husband while I was shoveling this morning, and I had an epiphany. Today is his birthday. Earlier this month, I had come across a Patriots jacket being sold on Facebook Marketplace, and I just knew it would be something that he would like as a gift. Well, I didn't buy it, and I sensibly told myself that he is my ex-husband and I shouldn't be buying him presents anymore. But then I started thinking what if I made him some Chex Mix while I'm house sitting today? He loves Chex Mix. His mom used to make it at the holidays and when I saw how much he loves it, I started making it for him too. So then I was thinking, yes, I'll make him some Chex Mix: It won't cost much (there is a Supermarket generic of the Chex cereals, we have all the seasonings, it wouldn't cost more then $12 or so). I had this vision of him getting home tomorrow, and there on the counter is the big tin that we always used just for Chex Mix. I imagined him opening it, and seeing it full of one of his favorite snacks, and smiling, and feeling a bit touched and also wistful. He would reflect that I was a very special person, to care enough to make this for him, after everything that had happened.
depression isn't a life sentenceyou can all move though it. try not to make it such a big deal like everyone in this society does. so what your depressed and want to lie in bed all day. that's natural for depression. people who try and force you to do shit you cant do. don't feel guilty about it. you can get better, its ok. and to everyone who doesn't understand, fuck them. most people don't understand that depression is a real thing, its not just oh, you feel down today or you decided not to get out of bed. nobody decided not to get out of bed it wasn't a decision its like saying you decided you where tired so you fell asleep. no, you became tired and fell asleep. and forcing someone to do shit while they are depressed and feeling a certain way, which is almost physical pain is close to abuse. like any condition it needs a cure, and not patronising comments like "just smile" or "try harder" because that is not how it works. sorry for the negativity i just have to let it out. Sometimes Getting Better requires us to stop trying to feel better
I've been married for almost ten years. My spouse struggled to maintain a career or have the want to stay with a job for more than a year. There was heavy drug addiction in the beginning, which he's overcome this, and I'm extremely proud of him for that.  Alcohol abuse while he was coming off of drugs. This led to physical abuse that lined with all the years of emotional abuse. I left for a while but came back after a year of being apart. We had had another kid and then the mild drugs use started coming back into his lifestyle. The emotional abuse started again and then complete physical and emotional neglect for three years. So, again. I've pick my self back up off the floor and I'm finding my own life for my kids and I. My ex has a beautiful heart and has so much potential and I think this is the part that hurts the most. I don't know if he'll see him how I see him, but I can't keep drowning in my marriage anymore. I have three beautiful souls that are really a perfect mix of my ex and I . I wouldn't change that for anything.
A year passes and we’re still together in 2018. He got me a promise ring for my birthday, and it’s real. He got a job, worked his ass off, just to buy me something special with his own money. I will never take it off. We never ever had our ups and downs. There would be days where we got mad a little tiny bit but only for dumb stupid things that we would get over straight away. August came around. We were still together, going strong. On the 15th I found out that my bestfriend had ended her life. I went to school that day just thinking she was sick. Turned out she skipped the day and waited for everyone to leave the house so she could do it. She went into the shed and hung herself. I got a called into the school office at 10am and they told me. I couldn’t breathe. I was so shocked. Leka (my boyfriend) was right outside the office sitting on the seat. Waiting for me. He was there for me. Her funeral was on the 18th and I had a panic attack after everyone left. I stopped breathing and was rushed to the hospital, and Leka was there right by my side the whole way.
So March she's in a nursing home, I have a job that I tolerated for better money, and I get a call stating that mom made too much money in the past 5 years to qualify for Medicaid (or care, whichever is the senior one) so she had to come back to the house. I also get informed that she requested to be put on hospice and they would move the services as Hospice at Home. So she comes back, I become FT caregiver, and she slowly lets go. My mom passed on May 1st, 2018. I'm kinda destroyed since my mom was my world and I tried to care for her but I feel like I let her down, But I persevere through. May 16th, my dad passes in prison. Still kinda in shock from mom, it's softened since it all hit at once. Didn't really think about the ripples till later on when I can't handle anything that was moms (we never set a will, cause I didn't wanna think about it thinking she was still young at 65 and she WAS getting better at first nor did she wanna talk about; Yes I know I fucked up) without dealing with a probate lawyer which I don't have any money as it is.
If my service dog dies, I’m dying too.I tell people this all the time. If my SD dies from anything other that living a full life and dying from age related diseases, I will do anything in my power to kill myself as soon as possible. He helps me live life, he literally filled the hole in my life and continues to do so daily. This post isn’t really me looking for help, just me documenting the reason why I’m dead if it comes to that. No one believes me when I say it, they just chuckle a little and say yeah me too I love my dog, they don’t understand the connection I have with my dog, it’s stronger than that of someone who just has a dog for a pet. I’ve raised my him since he was 8 weeks, trained him, and now, we have a stronger connection than I have with any human on this earth, I know exactly what he wants all the time, he knows exactly what I need all the time, I can look him in the eyes and he will do what he knows I would like him to do, and he can look at me and I know what he’s asking from me. If i lose him, there is no point in sticking around.
Why Can't I Find LoveAfter living nearly my whole life with depression I finally decided to get help and my life has been a lot better because of it. I'm 18 going on 19 and have had basically no experience with girls. Now that I'm feeling better I'm putting myself out there more I've made new friends and have been talking to girls more. With the 2 girls I've gotten close with I get too clingy and they end up being uncomfortable around me and I lose my opportunity to finally get a girlfriend. When this happens I feel like I go back to square one and feel like shit again. The worst part is I always felt like the pain of living would never go away and when it finally did it felt like a blessing. At this point its just a fucking tease and I don't feel like I'll ever get better again. I guess what I'm asking is how can I get someone to love me when I'm so broken inside? I don't even care about looks I just want someone that will make me feel loved and appreciated because my parents never did.
This is the situation that brought all this back up within me. I over think everything. I will have a short conversation with someone and create my own perception of the talk, most of the time they’re categorized as bullshit talk for laughs. I reread text messages and assume to no end what could have been meant and compare that to the reality and weigh them until I accept one or create a new scenario that I can accept. I don’t even think we’re in a real world. Relatively a real world, but probably a type of simulation. I’ve never been able to convince myself differently on this. I’ve bounced the idea off a few people and I’m only met with a sort of laugh that feels like judgement of naivety, or the classic “bro it doesn’t matter. You can’t know, no one knows. Why worry about it” what they don’t get is, as I see it as a type of game we’re playing, I don’t have much meaning to life. The idea diving into a mini game(sports, relationships, school, hobbies, general activities)brings me no joy. I have no interest in these games, as they’re mini games and I just want to play the main quest line, but I can’t figure out that main quest. I want to kill myself, but the idea of the sadness Id create by leaving the world almost brings me to tears and I can’t do it. So even though I want to die, I don’t want to leave everyone and can’t bring myself to it. I worry my only options are living as I do, which is too painful, killing myself, which is too painful, or figuring out a way to get passed this.
The worst part of it is despite all this shit I have to do and upkeep, I'M NOT EVEN ENJOYING LIFE. I do everything "right" - I eat well, I make decent money to at least be financially independent from my parents, I exercise every day, I have hobbies, I have a small handful of friends. But I still find life meaningless and hopeless and such a pain in the ass. I can't shake my feelings of emptiness. The small nuggets of fleeting inconsistent happiness are not worth the daily annoying struggles that add up to a mountain over time. I wish my parents had never had me, or that some other sperm had won the race. I feel guilty for feeling this way since my parents sacrificed so much for a kid who is depressed and just wants to die lmao (then again, it wasn't my choice). Can’t catch the bus either, since I don’t want to hurt their feelings, and I’m deathly afraid of failing and leaving myself permanently crippled (if I’m gonna be miserable, I’d rather be miserable and physically capable vs miserable and maimed).
Right now he’s not Doing well financially and he’s always been irresponsible. He stopped paying child support and doesn’t step up with being a father, he drives around with car insurance, he’s a chronic lair and has been very irresponsible with alcohol and marijuana including drinking “buzzed” At the very end his behavior was terrible, when we moved to a new place he was drunk and actually wrestled me down in a public place as a joke and I ended up breaking my wrist bc of it ( I was obviously not having fun and had asked him to stop and he didn’t stop ) being a massage therapist I had to put on hold going to work obviously and had to have surgery bc the break was pretty bad and at the wrist. He dragged his feet and wouldn’t find work empting our savings that I saved up ( I was working at a resort and had supported him while he went to school. I got him into school by applying for him and writing him the essay that won him a scholarship) not long before we moved he got himself arrested for being intoxicated at a bar and heckling people then not leaving when asked. Not long after we moved and I had already called for a divorce he started lying, taking my car in the night, not coming home, taking money and one night even getting so drunk and stoned he fell asleep in an alley covered in his own puke. Ok so you get the idea.
so, my performance in that job has basically steadily declined. i rarely even get half of the hours in that i am suppsoed to (I'm talking averaging between 70-90 hours a month when i should be close to 160 of course.), i can;t ever meet a single deadline basically, especially ones I set for myself, I cant complete a satisfactory amount of work let alone complete it fast enough, and the only reason this guy hasn't fired me yet is because of the whole family friend thing as far as i can tell. I have basically been racking up like, two years' worth of performance that warrants a bad review. I keep trying to turn it aorund because if I do then I know he'll be willing to write a good leter for me, but i jsut cant seem to do it. on sunday he gave me another assignment and long story short I didn;t have it done when i was suppsoed to (surprise.), which was by wednesday morning, so he just called me and said like, to send him what i have bc he's taking me off that project sicne i couldn't do it. I have to drive in this friday (i work remotely; and i had to drive in anyway) and I'm sure that this time he's going to fire me, and even if he's not, I'm almost compeltely out of any time or chance to redeem myself and turn this around.
What would you do before you die?Let's say, my background is a bit rough, I came from a lower class family background, My mom was diagnosed with cancer back in 2003, my dad went almost bankrupt because of all the chemotherapy and radiotherapy trying to save mom, and I thought that was the end of it, I thought life was going to be good, but I never knew he was paying a huge amount of debts for all the Therapy, then the financial loss due to global recession in 2008 came. He was bankrupt for good, To make ends meet he sold drugs back when I was 18 during 2011 (i was still in school and everybody talked behind my back),  I was playing life in hard mode from that moment, but we came through , I was ostracized and stigmatized as a son of a drug dealer from then onwards,I rarely go out from that point onwards, no more contacts with friends whatsoever, and I am still stigmatized till today for the hard decision my father had to make, when in fact I don't even smoke pot or do drugs or drink alcohol, but yeah life was a bit harsh  then 2013 came, my mom was diagnosed again with cancer, somehow we pull it off till 2015(with no drugs dealing whatsoever) , I got my first job at my birthday at 2014, I was 21 then, but things spiral out of control, my dad was depressed by June 2015, drank alcohol a lot and died that year, and then mom also passed away that very year. 2015 was tough for me, I lost my best friend and my parents, but somehow I make it till today and I don't even know how I did it, but things hit me lately, By now, I think most human who have to endure these shit will be a bitter cynic, trying to be an optimist and TRYING TO BE HAPPY WHEN YOU ARE NOT, IS EASIER SAID THAN DONE, I realized, how frail humanity is, How our mortal coils bind us to this very reality of life, of the nature of human suffering, and how pointless it is to have a gf who gives emotional reassurance. I AM GOING TO DIE, I DID HAVE A college degree in econ and maths, but I realised, I'm not even living a life I wanted to live so what's the point? I am going to die anyway, so what should I do before I die?
Life scares meI am not suicidal and tbh I'm too much of a pussy to act on it if I did have these thoughts. I am 21 and entering my last year of school majoring in economics. I'm posting here because no matter what I do in school doesn't seem to work. I regularly attend class and take notes and study but all I'm getting is shit grades and then I feel battered and beaten because I'm not good enough. Iv accepted that economics is a tough major but the fact of the matter is that I'm scared and I don't know how to deal with life moving so fast with me almost being a living on my own adult with a career and an idea of what to do with my life bht I don't. On top of this My friends are leaving me and I don't know how to cope with it either. I haven't had a steady relationship for more than 6 months either. All of these have been accumulating and now I feel like I want to explode. I'm scared that my parents will think of me as a failure in life like my dads brothers family.
Being with Dogs I know I'll lose in divorce.So I know because of my schedule and how I travel for work that in all honesty it would be better for my STBX to keep the dogs (FYI we have no kids). We have two dogs, one for nearly a decade, and I love them both so much and right now on top of divorce proceedings, I'm heartbroken knowing that everyday the time I'll have to say goodbye to them forever is getting closer. The way our divorce is going my STBX will probably become a ghost after everything is finalized so visiting them after the marriage ends is not an option. To top it off the older dog we have was the first pet I was ever able to get on my own and the pain I'm feeling aside from losing my wife is immense and so stifling that I can't breath. It chokes me up when they greet me when I come home and it makes me cry when they paw on the door to the spare bedroom I'm sleeping in to check if I'm okay. My STBX is an excellent care giver to them so I'm not worried about their life after the divorce, but still for completely selfish reasons its killing me knowing they can't and rightfully shouldn't be with me.
It was going on for a few years now. Yes, I did want and try to tell my mom about it, but I was so scared she wouldn’t love me anymore and would blame me for it happening so I never did, because he said if I told, she wouldn’t want me anymore. In school my grades dropped, my attendance dropped, and I’d never pay attention. I felt so alone and so scared. Yes, I did self harm as I felt that the pain of that would not hurt as much as the pain from him. I did run away, and when my councilor found out, I talked to her, I told her an excuse saying I didn’t wanna go home because I hated when he yelled, I couldn’t tell her the real reason was because of what he did to me almost every night. I couldn’t tell her as much as I wanted to. I felt so isolated. She called him and he had picked me up from school, when we got home he immediately did what he did to me almost every night and said I deserved it for being bad. My mom was always out working as she worked two jobs and would really only be home 7am-12pm.
I just can't seem to handle this anymoreI'm a sophomore in high school. I get good greats, participate etc. etc. But I feel so over worked this semester. I'm part of the school show and this is our tech week. I feel like it should be a Friday but its only Tuesday, I had two projects due yesterday for my Honors Humanities courses, neither of which I was able to get finished due to the tech week. On top of that I play JV tennis (First year), do scouting (5th year), take tap dancing lessons (11th year), and practice both Piano (12th year) and Violin (8th year). And not to brag but I do them all quite well. I run all A s in high school with the occasional B in math. But I just feel like my way of life is falling apart around my ears. And that's just the first level of stress. The second level is both stress and fear. Myself and a group of people have been running a in depth study of the death of Michael Hastings. And its finally getting to me. I myself have poured in over 600 hours on this project since mid December acting as a defacto leader for the group since we have no proper administration. We are intending to go public relatively soon and its finally started to hit home just how deep we are into this project. You could say that this project is the root of all my stress. So the logical thing to do would be to leave the project quietly. And that's where we hit the problem. If I where to back down from this now, not only would it have been a tremendous waste of my time, it would also be similar to if I saw someone preform a fatal hit and run, I saw the licences plate, got a picture of it, but then decided to not give the picture to authorities. I've always been the kind of person who manages their emotions well, (that's why I'm an admin on several discord servers, I don't discriminate and I don't favor any parties), but as of late I feel like I'm always on the verge of breaking down, stopping whatever I'm doing and just crying until I can't anymore. I haven't quite been able to pinpoint why I want to cry so hard, but its getting to the point where I'm occasionally tearing up over the simplest phrases like, "how's your day going". Please someone help.
What should I do about chronic stressHi, I'm 20 years old and kind of accepting that I've got chronic stress issues. I'm not sure how to deal with it exactly, and it's been 3 months. I remember seeing a doctor a while ago and talked about what caused my stress/breakdown last semester and he said it was acute stress. I didn't really know what that meant at the time, but overall I felt like it was an unhelpful experience because all of his advice (exercise, things like that) and wisdom didn't really help me or I knew would not work because I had already tried. I even tried antidepressants because I thought it could have been something I needed, but that did not help. I'd say for the past 2 years of my life I've done a great job at handling acute stress. That was the only type of stress I knew. Chronic stress, however, is something that I don't understand. It's new to me, and requires a greater amount of life changes and mental perspective. It feels inhuman almost to have chronic stress.
My husband left me with 4 kids and no money.After 6 years together and 4 years married my husband left me because he doesnt love me anymore. Now i am left with the kids( ages 6, 3 year old twins & 2), rent and all other bills. Im just a stay at home mom and he paid all the bills. I have no family or friends. What should i do. He said he will pay for one more month thats it because he needs to het his place. He still wants to see kids. Should i start legal proceeding to get child support. I dont think i qualify for allomony in TX.  I still love him and never thought this would happen. He says im a good woman just doesnt love me and is not happy. Should i stay he and expect him to pay for rent at least. He makes $3,800 our rent is $1,100. We have cars his and the van i need for all our kids is $250 a month. I dont want to fight and make this worse for our kids but i know i need to do something. I dont think they ahould loose there rooms (3 bed manufactured home) because he juat doesn't love me. He also said i couldnt trust him. He had cheated on me 5 years ago with his ex before we got married. So I've had trust issues. What should i do????
Anyone else's STBX totally emotionally detached?31F here, with 30M STBXH. Over the past week, I have felt about 400,000 emotions ranging from rage to despair to regret to guilt to hope. I cry almost every night, and sometimes during the day. But I've never felt numb. And that's *all* my STBXH feels. He said divorcing will be "weird" and "sad." But he hasn't cried. He yells (lots of rage) but he doesn't and hasn't shown me any regret or sadness. Even when we've talked kindly, and I've asked how he feels, he says "Okay" and talks about work. He doesn't want to talk about the past, the wedding, our travels, us. He is totally unemotional but acting like life is normal. He's posting a lot on social media, including photos of himself, and he seems happy and jazzed and even a little boastful. With me, there is *nothing*. Yet when I tried to protect myself and act just civil, with polite replies but no small talk and no emotional response, he accused me of "suddenly acting ice cold." I can't win. This is so bizarre to me.
She quit that job and started a new one.  She had a normal work schedule. A normal job.  Normal responsibilities. But it wasn’t what she wanted.  She started looking for any mission with the Guard she could go on so she could get away.  She would volunteer to be at the unit anytime something came up. She said that it was so she could get away from this job that she hated.  I empathize with that sentiment. I know what it’s like to hate your job. I’ve just become numb to it. I didn’t want that for her. She’s alway been so full of excitement.  I didn’t want her to feel that way about work. I know she derives a lot of her self worth out of what she does for a living. And I didn’t want to be the cause of her losing that. But at the same time, I wanted our family to be something that she could come home to at the end of the day and really enjoy. I wish I would have done more to make that happen.  Instead, she would come home to a son that only wanted to be with his dad, and a husband that only wanted to escape his miserable existence.
Why would I careJust why? Why would I "consider the pain I would inflict on my family" with my suicide? Why would I care about their fucking pain if they never cared about mine? Every single time I tried to open up, no one listened. Every time I needed a shoulder to cry on, no one was there. Every single fucking time I was going through hell, they blamed me. "It's all your fault", "Just snap out of it", "Stop being so negative, bad things happen to you because you attract them", "Just be happy, you have four limbs and a roof above your head", "it's your fault you're always so fucking sad", "you can't be feeling like that, I've never heard of such symptoms". I never had any emotional support from my family. When I used to cry in my room, my mother would come and tell me to cry more "quietly" because the noise is bothering her. My father would tell me to stop crying because I "have no reasons to cry". They shamed me and abused me emotionally all their life. Manipulated me, bent me to their own will and made me live a miserable youth until I eventually developed severe mental illness because of the abusive environment I was raised in. Yet THEY LOVE ME. THEY LOVE ME. I have to be a good and obedient little girl and always make them proud and always do whatever they say and they love me. Unless I do things my own way, this is where their "love" ends. I am tired of being taken advantage of. I am tired of always pleasing everyone around me and then being left behind. I am fucking TIRED AND SICK of people telling me that my decision considering my suicide needs to be reconsidered so I don't hurt my family. I don't give a shit about my family. They made me become the ruined, depressed, isolated wreck I am today. When I need their help, they always ignore me or even worse, they make me feel even more miserable. Why would I have any kind of obligation to NOT kill myself? Not saying I'm going to jump in front of a train tomorrow, but if I ever get so depressed and miserable that I will snap out and end my life, I will NOT think about my family A BIT. They don't deserve it. They don't deserve a kid.
The reality was that she had no intention of trying. She used those months in which I exhausted myself trying to fix it to instead set up her new life. She went out with her friends a lot and stayed over with them, and started cementing family relationships. I will never know for sure but I'm almost certain she was already cheating with a colleague. And she put a lot of effort into working me over. She gaslighted me and was brutally cold and cruel at times. She convinced me I was worthless and I'd always been holding her back. The reality was the opposite: I'd helped support her through bulemia and failing her a levels, twice, and the second time I'd found a course for her to do and got her on it. I supported her and tutored her through uni (I had my own course to finish) and then when she graduated and quit her first job due to anxiety I financially, emotionally, and physically supported her through that for nearly two years. I even got her her first small job in the field after that, and ironically helped her fill in the application for the job she has now. Same with friends: she told me I'd never wanted her to have independent friends. It was the opposite: I always encouraged her and she just never seemed to put the effort in.
Im at the point of having a full-on screaming crying on the floor sobbing mental breakdown literally almost every day, like this is just my new normal now, my heart feels like its going to fail on me at any second because i dont have the option to not be taking adderall constantly so i can work on essays, and because ive been under extreme stress from everything else for my entire life, if i fail out of collage and i dont get my degree after five years of absolute suffering, i will not be able to handle that. I cant take that hard of a final blow without the stress killing me from the fact that i failed like i do w everying even thiugh im doing my best and trying as hard as i can to do the work. My dad will go ballistic, he already yells every time i see him bc i told him that i can't go on for a bachelors after i graduate this year bc i'll kill myself, which he mocked me for and screamed harder wven though he knows ive attempted twice a few years ago, he just doeant care, and im so fucking scared of him plus i have shit in my own life going down like my mom had a stroke and now we're trying ro keep DSS from taking away her apartment like they are trying to, im in thousands of dollars in debt from car repair and ER visit, but nobody believes me when i say this, the professor thinks im making it up as a pity-excuse when im not, im suffering so bad and i need help so so bad but i cant afford it and if i dont get my degree after making it so far through more pain than i have words for, either ill die from stress induced heart attack or ill just fuckig kill myself, ive been suicidal before i even understood what it was or even knew what it was called. Im in so much pain, i cant fail again, i cant handle more pain, for the love of god i just want something to just work out for once ever so i can graduate, i cant keep doing thia anymore i just fucking cant
I started a work from home business back in August. On paper it seemed like a great idea. I already had a friend who did it and it turned out absolutely great because he worked hard and truly devoted himself to it. I thought I could do it too, but with my mood changes I am failing. The business itself could easily be making some big turnovers by now if I put the hard work in everyday. But I don't. Even though my brain is screaming at me to do it, I shut it out. I sleep through the day a lot of the time. At this point I feel like giving up, but I already owe too much money. If I go out and get a job again it will take my a very long time to pay my debts. I haven't worked in two weeks, but none of my family know that. I just can't bring myself to call people. I did it for 4 years previously in an office of about 30 people and did well. Left to my own devices I struggle badly. I don't have the drive. Some days I will do great. But then the next day I will sleep all day. When I worked for someone else I had no choice. Now I do whatever I want, and for someone like me it's self destructive. I owe a lot of money to suppliers and even to family members who I promised I would have paid back by now. I found out a few months ago that I was supposed to be paying corporate tax, meaning 20% of all the profits I made were supposed to be tax. I hadn't been accounting for that, so the money isn't there. Long story short, I think my business is going under quite soon and I only have myself to blame.
Honestly I hate so much that this has been done to me that I can hardly put it into words. The only thing I feel anymore aside from violation is unrelenting anger. I hate my body so much that I don't know how to put it into words. And there's nothing I can do to get back everything that was stolen from me. I've looked for beauty in this world. Romance is the one place I see such a thing. To me, there is nothing more beautiful than two souls and bodies melting together. I've always been a sexual person. To me, in this burning pile of shit flying through space, it was the human connections that made life worth living. But I don't think I'll ever feel love for anyone ever again. I'm utterly disgusted that this has been done to me. There's no point in me dating because I've lost all interest in sex. I can't get what's been done to me out of my head, and every time I'm reminded of my penis, I feel sick. Every time I piss, shower, think anything remotely sexual, I can't help but feel violated. I'm otherwise healthy, hit the gym six days a week, eat healthily, and take care of my body, and getting erections is nearly impossible. I have to really fight with myself to get one. Not that I particularly care. I don't want to have sex. I don't want to masturbate anymore. Not when it makes me feel so sick. When I cum, I no longer feel the same hot rush of relief. I'm underwhelmed, bored, and feel barely a thing. I've gone nearly month without fapping now. Because I have no libido. No interest.
I'm killing myself tonight.It's my twentieth birthday and I'm going to kill myself. I wasn't sure until an hour or two ago, but I'm sure now. I've already said goodbye to my sister, although she doesn't understand yet, and there's no one left to say goodbye to. I always planned to kill myself on my twentieth birthday, from the time I was little. I haven't written a note, but that's fine, I don't need to. I wish I'd had time to buy some books I wanted to give to some people, but I have around $600 in my bank account--maybe I'll taxi to the bookstore, buy the books, label who they're for, and then die in a couple of hours. I wasn't crying before, I felt calm, but I can't stop crying now, because I went onto the online crisis chat page, but it's only open Wednesday through Sunday, and I just thought, but that's too *late.* I called my only friend to ask if she wanted to go shopping, but she didn't pick up the phone, and there's no one left to save me. I'm going to die, tonight, and they'll find my corpse in a day or two. I wish I could wait until tomorrow and see what happens, but there's no time, I have to do it tonight.
The next few days were just a mess of me trying to work and do life while not breaking down. It was rough. I talked to my ex about a week later and asked if he still wanted a divorce, or if he wanted to try counseling. He said nothing would help and he wanted a divorce. I pleaded with him to try, he was not going to budge. So, the next day I found a lawyer and filed for divorce. So, during all of this, I just had it in the back of my mind that something was just off. So, I checked phone records. That is where I found that he had been texting his boss (female) a LOT. I mean all throughout the day and up into the evening…. Texting after he told me goodnight… texting on overnight business trips when he told me he was tired and just wanted to sleep. Then I saw the 1 and 2 hour long phone conversations. Then I saw what hurt the most…. The night I left, he called and talked to her for 2 hours. I knew then that he had been cheating, I wasn’t sure if it was just emotional or physical too, but it didn’t matter. So I searched more, and the texts go back for months. I stopped looking when I reached May 2018… I didn’t want to see anymore.
Having a hard time separating from kidsMy STBXH left me in November, quit his job, and found a new job in another state. A couple days before he was to move he came home and told me he wanted to try again. I was hesitant but agreed. He later that day told me he had slept with another woman and I think I knew that things weren’t going to work out. The day he was to leave he got mad at me for overpacking his bag and claimed I was trying to hurt his back. He would not kiss me goodbye or anything. Later that day he called me to say that he forgot something and that the girl he had slept with was going to drive it up to where he was now living which is 8 hours away and spend the weekend helping get his studio apartment set up. At this point I was hurt that he would do this and saw an attorney the next week to file for divorce. After that he became verbally abusive over text and phone and I got a protective order against him for the kids and because he drove 8 hours overnight after the cops told him to leave me alone and parked around the corner from my house. He is allowed to now see the kids every other weekend if he wants to drive down and I agreed to let him come get the kids this week for spring break. My oldest son, 7, doesn’t want to go and I originally told him the choice was his but now I feel bad that he doesn’t want to see his dad so I’m not sure if I should make him go. On the other hand I have always been the parent who has done everything for my kids because my STBXH worked nights and weekends so I am so depressed about being away from them for a week. How do you parents deal with this when another parent lives hours away?
I’m driving across the country tomorrow. My family thinks I’m starting a new job (which I do have one lined up that I accepted as a “just in case”), but I’m really just going to travel for a couple more days, see some art museums, go on a hike, and then finally do it. Part of me is scared, but I can’t go on like this anymore. Each day has somehow gotten worse since my boyfriend died, and it’s absolutely unbearable.  I tried to kill myself a month ago and just ended up in a mental hospital that only made things worse. I’m sad about thinking about dying, but only because I’m sad that it can’t end up any other way. Both of my parents have life long mental illnesses that don’t go away, and I have no desire to end up like that. Anyway, I just wanted to tell someone. I’m a really open person, and it’s hard to not talk about this with anyone. Everyone around me knows I’m suicidal (obviously, since I was just in the hospital), but no one knows I have another plan.
Why are not marriages a one year contract? you can put some auto-renew stipulations and auto-cancel stipulations for things that need to be met because you sign the contract with a plan for your future, then life happens and everything change including your co-signer of this contract or even yourself, we have a prenups but that is for rich people, right? wrong!, a prenup will be used to have an easier divorce, for the kids, for things that you had before and for business if you have your own, but they sell (to women) the idea that prenups are not romantic (if you are going to sign one don't get married) this is what they said on the MSM, but let's face it the institution of marriage is broken, look the statistic, not because we don't want to be married, not because people are not falling in love, it's because it a freaking unbreakable, unchangeable, until your freaking died contract, after a divorce I see this as bananas crazy.. An I'm wrong?
i dont know what to title this post.okay, so, first of all i never got diagnosed with depression, so im sorry if this is the wrong sub, but, i just feel really bad and shit. Okay so here we go.. I always feel so unmotivated to do anything, especially school work. I barely talk to anyone that i really want to, just this one friend, but i feel like it would be wrong to vent about what i’m experiencing to them, do you guys think that sometimes? timezones are also a huge problem. I feel completly emotionless as well, i don’t really feel anything. When people usually laugh, i don’t laugh, etc, especially when it comes to smiling. Everyone around me seems to be doing great, they have stuff to do etc, and i don’t have anything, i also want to learn the guitar, and i have one, but i dont think my mother wants me to learn it, she’s always trying to avoid the topic, i feel like. i dont know, maybe im just weird or something.. thanks for reading and sorry for like the small vent.
And then his infidelity totally destroyed the relationship and my world just collapsed. I had to stand up from the ruins and live my own life with dignity. First I keep running every day to improve both my physical and mental status. Then I force myself to go out of my comfortable zone and challenge myself by doing the things I never did before. I view my job from a positive view and am very grateful because it is the job that makes it possible for me to afford a life of independence and dignity. I also try very hard to improve my performance at my work and I am so glad to find that the job, something I thought as a burden in the past, has become very enjoyable. It feels so good. And also, I am much much more active in connecting with people all around me. I am more closely tied with my extended family and friends and I am ready to help the others as long as I can. I have made more friends with coworkers, with neighbors, with cleaners in the building, and even with the cook in the canteen. It feels so good to stand on your own feet and plunge yourself into the real world and feels the beauty during the process of striving for a better life with your own hands.
Underlying stress I’m not feeling?My girlfriend brought it to my attention a few weeks ago that I was grinding my teeth at night. At times it was so loud it would wake her up out of a sound sleep. I have not been feeling well rested for the last couple months and am wondering if the teeth grinding is preventing me from fully falling asleep. I went to the dentist and he said 9 times out of 10 teeth grinding is stress related. But here’s the thing. I really don’t feel stressed. I used to feel it much worse years back when I had started a new job and was trying to save to buy a house and get my adult life started. That feeling was noticeable. I felt anxious a lot too. Now I feel totally fine. No stress about money or bills. My job is fairly easy just long 12 hour shifts. The hardest part is staying awake. My house has been coming together nicely. Anyone who knows me would never think I had a worry in the world. And really I don’t feel like I do. Over the last week my left eye has started to twitch randomly. In doing some googling I find that can also be stress related as well. So I guess my question is... is there underlying stress that someone can’t pinpoint? Is that a thing? How do you diagnose something you’re not sure you actually have? I’m so full of questions. Hoping someone can shed some light on this. I know how bad stress is for your body and health. I’m at a dead end road here...
High school is almost over but I didn't start my senior project.My school makes us do a senior project in order to graduate. The senior project can be about anything we're interested in. The problem is you either have to make something or host an event. I don't have too many interests but I do like math. That is why I picked tutoring. I thought I could tutor kids in math and make that my project but I am almost out of time to do anything. For the project we have to have 20+ hours doing the project outside of school time, we have to write a paper, make a PowerPoint presentation, and create a portfolio. The only thing I've done is the paper because it was due near the beginning of the year. I haven't even started the other three. We only have 2 weeks left before the product (Me tutoring people) and presentation are due. We have to fill out product logs for how many hours we did that day or time. We need at least 10 of those and the presentation needs to be between 20-30 slides and last 8-12 minutes. I also need feedback forms from the kids I "tutored". I am getting increasingly nervous because the due date is approaching and I don't think I am going to pass. The counselor told me this morning  that they have me on the not graduating list. I wouldn't care that much about repeating but I have a group of friends who are all seniors and even they tell me I'm probably going to fail. Although they said they would help me fill out some of the feedback forms. I am very smart; I could make A's if I applied myself. The problem is I'm so scared I go to sleep when I go home that way I don't have to deal with all the stuff I have due. Overall the whole circumstance is a lot of pressure for me. I don't wanna be the only one out of my friends that doesn't graduate but I think if I fail it would be easier to just start over next year and pick something different. I was diagnosed with depression by several psychologists and psychiatrists, I hate public speaking, and I am also socially awkward. I have been thinking if I end up failing I might kill myself because my parents already bought a room for me for college and they don't have English IV in summer school because of the senior project. I don't want to fail a year and not graduate with my friends. Overall I don't know what to do but as I said if I don't graduate I might kill myself just to save my parents money at that point. They buy me things and I'm a total failure in school. Sometimes I wish I could just be dead only because I'd have no responsibilities. I don't know what to do I feel like a constant failure and I just want to die.
So hardHad such a hard fight last night.  At least there was no yelling this time.  But husband comes into bedroom very late at night and tells me if I want to just sell our house and go through with the divorce, I should.  I sat and thought about it and asked what it meant for the custody of our baby son.  And not half an hour later, turns around and tells me that since I considered the divorce, it’s just proof that I don’t love him anymore.  Takes no responsibility for bringing it up in the first place and tries to tell me that everything is my fault because he’s tired from watching the baby in the morning (I work banking hours and he works shifts that are around noon to 9 pm; he generally drops the baby to daycare on his way to work and I pick up) and because I told him we could still go on a big getaway trip this Christmas but hadn’t planned it yet (I did point out that he’s fully capable of planning a trip himself, which felt good in the moment, but didn’t help out since he was just rage spiraling).  I’m just so exhausted.  He accuses me of being things that I’m not, like that I’m using the baby against him.  He just hurls all this emotional shit at me and then gets crazy mean if I try to counter or defend any point he makes.  And he throws stuff I care about just to be vindictive, like folded laundry when I’ve been working a lot of hours, or the baby’s Easter basket that I had stored in the guest room.  I wish I could just let him say whatever he wanted and it wouldn’t bother me and I know it takes two to tango but how much shit do I have to eat to make him just stop fighting with me?
>I beat myself up because I'm not modern enough to accept an open marriage where my wife is looking to fall in love with other people. I think of all the times she's told me that I need to change one thing or the other, and I think "I love this person, she's telling me something, I need to trust that." She has these visions of us being an open family, living together, me as "primary partner." I tell her I'm fine if she needs to go fuck, but I'm not OK with her falling in love. There are no choices, she's deadset on her vision, and she's going ahead with it. Turns out her first crush/conquest was her cousin [COUSIN BY MARRIAGE, SO IT'S OK, RIGHT?!] who she's been journaling and fantasizing about, and who she went to stay with the week after New Years when me and my kiddo had to go home to work/school. She did mushrooms with him and had all these amazing realizations and visions about sharing love and reaching out and being passionate about everyone, and when you don't allow that to happen, to let that connection go, it's as painful as an abortion, and she can't abort any more.
I’m tired all of the time because I remember all of my dreams too vividly. What helps ?I’ve been diagnosed with mdd for about 6 years now. I’ve done it all. Ssris ( currently on trintelix), tms, therapy, Ketamine Infusions..  needless to say that my depression is consistently present. The trintelix helps in allowing me to be semi-functional. I’ve been having vivid dreams for years. But recently I’ve noticed that they’re more consistent. I’m sick and tired of them. I wake up every morning feeling absolutely exhausted because I’ve been trying to put together the pieces of the puzzles my dreams create that make no sense. I’ve been trying this app called slumber to fall asleep to a “ sleep meditation .” Sometimes I feel like my dreams are more positive as a result. But I still wake up feeling very foggy. My brain is always trying to figure out what was happening in The dreams once I’m awake. I hate this! It takes away from my little mental energy I already have. What do I do?? I’ve spoken to my doctor and we agreed that it couldn’t be a result of the ssri since I felt the same way on lexapro. Is there a strain of weed that I can smoke to forget dreams? I’m scared of the suggestion of trying to control them. I feel like I would be more involved in them and I would rather not. Thanks for any tips.
It’s over.Ever since my parents split up and divorced, my life has been a mess. I started high school just around the time they split up and I’ve been living with my mum for almost 4 years now. I visit my dad from time to time and despite his cheating on my mum being the reason of the divorce, he treats me way better than my mum. However, my dad is irresponsible sometimes and I’m afraid that he will forget about me entirely since he’s found himself a new family. He was the abusive one in the household back in the day but now he’s trying to be friendly. I feel like my mum is looking after me out of pity. She gets drunk and is very hostile towards me and so does my grandmother. Even when she’s sober, my mum will try to turn something against me and start shouting at me. I don’t know who to turn to. I’m 17 years old but I can’t wait till 18. I just want to disappear from them and find people that will show me actual respect and love. But it’s too late, I’d rather die than have one more year of pain. I ask myself, why didn’t I end up in a foster family that couldn’t have kids? They would probably love me more than my biological parents. I can’t take it anymore. I live in a very toxic environment and I feel like everyone around hates me and wants me to fail. I’ve been denied of so many opportunities that could’ve helped me in the future that I’ve lost count. I don’t drink, smoke or do drugs. I just want to chase success but with these conditions, I don’t think that will ever happen. Will there be a light at the end of the tunnel? I don’t think so.
So, as far as any of my friends and family are concerned, that's the root of my issue and, to a degree, it's been dealt with. Problem is, that's not my problem. I think, at the time, it was the straw to break the camel's back, but I'm dealing with the fact that I am in a relationship I don't want to be in, because I thought I should do the right thing by her, when in fact I'm probably gay. Call me old fashioned, but I felt strongly that I wanted to be around for my kids and support the woman who was raising them, I just forgot to factor in that I'm not in love, and don't necessarily even feel attracted to her anymore. I feel like I've just put my own life and priorities to the bottom of the pile and now I just have to live with it forever. I can't put my kids through the pain of divorce that I experienced with my own parents. I also can't stand the fact that they must see the way my wife and I argue now and pick up on these things. My wife doesn't deserve this life either, but she's determined to make things work which just makes it harder for me to open up about the reality of the situation. I wish she could have met a good man.
I was in a slump for a whole month recently, I stopped going to work, I stopped contacting my family and friends, I went in and out of hospitals for cutting myself. Since I live alone, and my nearest friend was almost an hour away, I avoided everyone in fear of burdening them to come and look for me. But few close friends still came over and helped me to get back to reality and helped me to manage myself again, and I'm slowly getting better now. During my slump a lot of my casual normal friends were asking and somehow accusing me of making excuses to just run away and avoid my responsibilities. So I came forward, texted the group chat and explain about whatever happened to me and what I felt. I mentioned that I wasn't expecting anyone to understand, I just wanted to explain myself so they would stop making accusations. Then a friend texted that to the group chat, and since last night the whole text was left at that. I didn't know what to respond, so I just went to sleep feeling blank and a bit lost. My close friends told me to just ignore because if the person don't want to be around, there are others who would be glad to help me as much as I need.
I can't go on without herMy girlfriend died a few days ago in a car accident. We were together for four years. I wanted to marry her. I was planning to propose somewhere romantic a few days after the date she died. She was the most kind and sweet and caring person I have ever known. I love her more than anything in the world, I just don't know what to do without her. She was my everything. Throughout my whole life I've been depressed. The only time I ever felt truly happy in my life was these four years I had with her. I feel lost without her. I was depressed and alone before I met her. She is the only person who ever understood me, who loved me and could make me happy. The only time I ever enjoyed my life were the moments I shared with her. I just don't see why I should go on. I don't hate my job that much and it pays well but why do I keep going? She was the only reason I got out of bed every morning, my only motivation to go to work. Everything I've done in the past 4 years I did for her. Why couldn't it have been me instead? I wish I was dead. Why do horrible things have to happen to the most kind and amazing and caring people? Nothing in this fucked up world is fair. The one time in my life I'm finally happy it gets fucking torn away from me. This isn't how it was supposed to end, we were meant to get married and have a family together, and be happy. She deserved so much better than this. I just don't want to keep living without her. I've never been religious but I desperately hope I can be with her again in whatever next life there is. Maybe if I end it all I can finally be in her arms again. To anyone reading this, I beg you. If you have someone you care about, please, cherish and love them like every day might be their last. The last time I talked to her was a stupid and petty fucking argument. I want to hear her beautiful voice again. I wish I could see her just one more time and say goodbye and I'm sorry and hold her. I want to die and for this pain to stop. Why me? I had a fucked up childhood and a shit life, and when I manage to overcome that and find someone who gives my life meaning I lose her. I have nothing left without her. I don't enjoy any hobbies, I have no friends or family left. She was the only thing I had. I can't think of a single reason to stick around. This is tearing me apart. I'm broken without her. I would give anything to see her again, even once. I want to hear her voice again. I desperately hope I can be with her again no matter how I die. Jesus christ, Lilly, I love you so much, I'm sorry. I miss you.
I have just gotten worse, i thought i didn't have it severe, and that it was just in the back of my head, and something not to be worried about, but after reading on here and other people being depressed like i am and maybe i am worse, that i finally realized that i need help but i don't want to reach directly, i am even scared to upload here, especially with my main email. I thought i would just take the place of those that need help and have just wasted time but based off of what i have read it is the mere opposite. I need help. I have dreamed of cutting myself and dying, when in my dreams i cut it felt like released pain, and i told myself that this was the answer (i have yet to cut myself.) In the dreams which i die i feel good, released, and euphoric. These thoughts aren't good and i know that, and i haven't attempted suicide or cutting myself because i have met people who are sad but not really depressed, i know what will happen but on certain days the consequences are not something to care about. I had a dream that really broke me recently. It was a conversation between friends, they talked like this
Ans so I sit at home, alone where the last 4 years of my life I spent with the woman who I thought I was going to die with. The woman who I thought was going to be the end-all-be-all in my life and in hers. Now she's run off with someone 20 years older than her so that she can get her jollies off and adventure in her life. I f****** hate her I f****** hate what she did to me. I f****** hate the lives she's ruined, not just mine, but of the friends that we shared. The only ones that even know our close friends that we shared together, and our families. No one outside of that mutual family knows anything. I want to scream out online that she cheated on me, that nobody should back her. that I wasn't the one that shoved her away, that I wasn't the one that made her not come home. I gave her every opportunity to try to help us bring us back together. Yes I had my faults. And I worked my damndest at fixing those before she left. But I wasn't enough for her she said. I couldn't keep up with her she said. I wasn't intellectually smart as she said. I didn't give her enough variety. I didn't give her what she needed.
Let me back up. I met my ex-husband when I was 17, just out of high school. He was 19, in college. He was amazing, kind, supportive, exciting. He went to a college about 4 hours from mine, but we made the long distance thing work. After undergrad, he followed me to medical school and residency. We got married my first year of residency after 6 years of dating. In residency, we met another couple, and all 4 of us got along so well! For 2 years it was great. 3 years in, I noticed the other woman in the group started acting differently towards me. We had been best friends, telling each other everything. Then she wasn't nice to me, ignoring me, no longer wanting to hang with me alone. She and my ex-husband did things together and left me and her husband out. So, her husband and I became pretty good friends in the process. She was a year ahead of me and moved about 2 hours away for her real job during my last year of residency. We routinely visited since we were so close at one point and wanted to keep the friendship going but something didn't feel right to me. I asked if their relationship was growing more than friendship - it seemed that their emotional connection was deeper than just really good friends, but everyone told me I was overreacting. My ex used the words paranoid and crazy more than once.
The man became angry with his circumstances and felt especially bitter at the fact that certain sacrifices had had to have been made those years ago but had never once been referred to even obliquely since then. It was as if those sacrifices had never existed. This in combination with what seemed to be the woman's desire to have him change his entire personality, habits, friendships, diet and tastes led to strong sense of persecution in the man that he sensed developing but could do little to quell. Though he felt it strongly, he also hated it and wished he were strong enough not to feel that way. Though he felt his sacrifices were unrecognised and the woman, ungrateful, the man didn't know how to bring this up with the woman. As it was never referred to it really was as if the sacrifices didn't exist and so to bring them up would seem cherlish, he also still had affection for the woman and didn't want to hurt her feelings by mentioning it. Worst of all he feared he'd be implying that she was lucky to have him be with her as if she were somehow subservient or he was being generous. That wasn't how he felt at all, just unerappreciated. It was just, complicated.
Recently, it has gotten worst. He started cursing at me. He tells me how I am a terrible parent, how I am going to end up like my mother (she was cheated on) for being like her, He tells me I am stupid and have no common sense. He speaks really well, and wins every argument we usually have. So, I stopped trying. I put up a wall and just let him unleash his hate when he gets angry- until last night. he went on about how stupid our son is and how stupid I am. how I am a cancer to his life and that I have wasted the last 15 years of his life. As usual, I apologized and he stormed over to the living and watched tv. I went to my son's room to apologize for hearing all of that and to tell him that what is said about him is NOT a truth about himself. My son grabbed my hand and said, "Are you okay? that is verbal abuse... I  know, because I learned about it at school" That's when my blood boiled. I was angry and embarrassed and hurt that my partner would say such mean, vile things. I went to bed openly showing that I was upset. This morning, he wakes up and starts yelling, "HOW DARE YOU after all you've done, YOU get angry? well F\* YOU you were always my 2 steps back" and he ran into the bedroom and tossed everything around and grabbed all his belongings, and left.
This part is going to be hard for me, as I am typing my fingers are twitching, I'm really scared, because to say it out is something i haven't done... Anyway, on this very day, I picked up Laura, we were driving to the hospital to visit her dad, we went on the highway. Till this high speeding car (prolly doing 150kmph) tried to overtake a vechile in front of us so we were behind this car, but suddenly suddenly the person slammed the brakes and dropped back, causing me to smash into the car. After this moment, I don't remember a thing. It felt like I died, I could hear my surroundings but I couldn't see anything, Idk how long or anything I woke up and the first thing I asked was "what happened to laura?" and my mum started to cry but i thought she was crying for me. I kept asking, and no one replied. Then it hit me, it hit me that she's not alive, and i couldn't understand. It all happened in a flash of a second.. The love of my life was gone, and I could do nothing about it, i didn't know how to take it in, it fucked me up. I only had minor injuries, but I was mentally dead.
Honestly don’t know what’s happening with my lifeIt’s always the same, over and over again. When my medicine is working things are great, I’m able to wake up early, I want to be outside more, I’m with my friends, I started to read again. Then it stops. Out of nowhere, and I can’t sleep or I’m sleeping all the time or eat or I’ll eat too much, I don’t want to be around my friends, I’m mean to my mom which I hate. It’s been like this for about a month and a half now, which doesn’t sound that bad. Im on an emotional rollercoaster that is just so fucking exhausting, I’m so tired of feeling like this. I just want to be ok. I feel so useless because I honestly can’t or don’t want to do anything. I’m stuck at home in my bed for days. I’ve had to take leave from work because I can’t be there for more than 15 minutes without crying, or find any reason to hide in the linen closet, or the bathroom. Just to get away from everyone, because I look mad, or I’m too quiet or awkward, and everyone has something to say about it. Since I haven’t been to work in a minute I’m broke which makes me even more depressed, because of course I have bills to pay. I started a job at a restaurant the other day so I can bring in at least a little bit, but being there is definitely difficult. I’m trying to move to the city where I’d really like to be but I’m going to have to wait longer than I wanted. I have a therapist there now that I get to see the first week of August, which I’m very much looking forward to. But I’m just so ready to move there. My home town is a big part of the problem. Everyone keeps telling me to be positive but they honestly don’t know how it feels, and how hard it is. I’m just tired.
Ummmm I wanted this divorce. I wasn’t happy. He was a college athlete and was more consumed with sports and his patients. Not that that’s a bad thing. It isn’t. Just not what I wanted. Well now he’s with someone 12 years younger than us and very beautiful and it makes me so mad. I know I have no rights to who he’s with but I’m frustrated. One of the reasons for our decline was he wouldn’t give me another child. He said when our youngest was older he didn’t want a 5 year old to deal with. This girl, has a 5 year old. So I guess I’m thinking why wasn’t I good enough? But she is...she’s worth making an exception on what u wanted your life to look like. I guess we have money so it’s not surprising just frustrating. We’re 44 and 45 we are both in great shape and live healthy lifestyles. I’m not surprised a younger woman fell for him I’m just annoyed. She’s 32 and doesn’t appear to be someone I wouldn’t want around my kids....she looks nice. So I suppose I just need to be happy.
Sorry for the ramble... just need to get it outI’m 23 and have struggled with depression and self harm for almost ten years now. No one seems to understand what that really means and how it changes me. I have aches and pains that I know aren’t from anything but my depression and it seems like if I say anything about it I’m being annoying. I don’t go to work or get overly excited about doing something I did when I was a kid and I’m lazy. I don’t shower for a few days and it’s lazy again. I’m short tempered and easily annoyed and I’m ungrateful. I ask for help and I’m needy or entitled. I sometimes really feel like nothing I do is right. I try my hardest and do everything I can to help people out but as soon as I need help I’m annoying or dramatic. I try to say “I’m depressed” and it’s completely ignored. No one gets how much I just want support and understanding. How much I want someone to tell me that it’s okay that I need time to myself it can’t manage to shower every day. Just to tell me it’s okay that I’m doing the best I can. I’ve been struggling for ten years and no one has ever thought “maybe she needs help.” I told my mom when I was 14 and started self harming that I needed help and I didn’t want to live anymore. She told me she’d get me help. I’m still waiting. Apparently it’s something I was supposed to grow out of. She tells me she used to sneak into my room to check me when I was sleeping. I know she didn’t because I didn’t stop. I still haven’t fully stopped. I would stay awake all night crying. She never came in. I never told my dad, he wouldn’t get it. Doesn’t get me. I’m not the perfect all American perky daughter he wanted. I question too much and don’t just go with the norm. Few of my friends know, and of the ones who do, maybe one actually cares. Actually asks how I am. I wish I could get help but at this point I’m so trapped in pretending I’m okay enough to live a “normal” life that it would be a big deal. No one seems to have noticed how in the last year or so I’ve withdrawn from half my friends, stopped visiting family, stopped wearing makeup etc. I stopped doing things that once brought me joy because they no longer did so. Putting on makeup and having someone tell me they loved it no longer mattered because I didn’t believe it anymore. Visiting my family wasn’t fun because I would watch them be happy and wonder why I couldn’t have that. My friends don’t get it and make a joke of it, who wants that? I just don’t know where to go from here.
We are both artists and collaborated together. I am an extremely optimistic person - funny, jovial, I can play a couple of instruments, I am very good with people, etc. My parter is extremely intelligent, beautiful, funny, talented, a singer-songwriter, etc. She can be good at anything she wants. At the beginning of our relationship, I realised that she had a lot of demons from the past. She felt let down by me from the beginning. To her credit, she did try and work on our relationship from Day One because she was really into me. I wasn’t quite ready for everything she came with and it took me a while to figure out how to do this right. However, as time passed, she drifted away from me emotionally and physically. This was made worse by our decision to collaborate formally on project. Our work collaboration led to a huge amount of personal and professional strain between each other - something we were both cognisant of. But we couldn’t pull ourselves out of our work commitment so we decided to just go through with it. It deepened the gulf between us.
Less and LessA rant of life events that have had me extremely down without going into detail, life has just been weighing down on me every year more and more. I wake always wanting to expect my days to get better to no avail. I work hard at what I do to better myself as a person but life has different plans for me, unhappinnes is my best and only friend. Ever felt like all color has faded from life? I remember years ago I never thought in a million years I would be in this state. The semi happy go lucky me that used to exist is no longer here and was replaced with a person who has been chipped away so much that only my fake smile gets me through my days to maintain this image or illusion around others that everything is ok, when it isn't. I used to have a zest for life. It is all gone, sometimes I wish something or someone coukd bring that color and spark back into my life, because no matter how much I try I am doing it completely wrong. I have always been the person that was told I brighten other peoples day, at least I once used to be able to do that, now I would give anything to be that person again, I just don't feel a connection with anything or anyone anymore. I merely exist to exist, I am still trying to better myself in hopes that one day if I snap out of my current state of mind, I won't have screwed myself over by having done absolutely nothing, and I hope to appreciate it that day for staying strong and not giving up.
And during the 6 weeks that I lived with my mother, interviewed for and landed a spectacular job and it changed my life. My ex would be angry if she knew how much I make (almost twice my last job). And eventually I stumbled onto the affair partner's identity and he's just some guy, 10 years her senior, who was right in front of me the whole time. He was her work buddy, and he's essentially replacing his long ago ex-wife with an "upgraded" version. She's finally getting to date some kind of father figure, which she's always wanted. And when I last saw her (or had *any* contact with her whatsoever) 7 weeks ago, she was well on her way to becoming the anorexic skeleton she became 9 years ago for a brief time (another period where she was likely cheating). She doesn't have a lot of friends outside of work, and she keeps her family in the dark about almost everything, so her entire life now is tied to her job. Meanwhile, I may be *horribly alone* in this apartment and this city, but I have a ton of friends and family and I'm closer to them than I've ever been, and I got to find out who's there for me and who isn't.
Those feelings began to fade away bit (but not much), a few months after she finally moved out.  During this time I was just kind of in a daze.  I just kept going through the motions of my everyday routine. Some of which included continuing taking classes at the local community college. I had started working on the pre-reqs to qualify for the college's RN program while still married. My schooling was actually one of the issues that led to the divorce. I got zero support at home for my schooling. She was actually a hindrance to it. All studying was a problem. She didn't like it and did everything she could to disrupt my schooling.  Anyway, once she left, I realized just how much of a hinderance she had been.  Studying was so much less stressful. Long story short,  1 year later and I've just completed my first semester of RN school and registered for semester 2.  My future looks bright and I'm excited to get up in the morning. But there is more.
Today, I'm finally done with it allThroughout this whole process, there have been unanticipated emotional struggles. I had no idea how he really, truly felt about me. He sees me as beneath him, that he's better than me. He says he wants me to heal but then when I tell him he needs to leave he won't. I begged for him to leave and made it no secret that I want him out, but still he thinks he has a right to be there and do exactly as he pleases because he pays the bills. He had agreed on an amount to pay for child support and then cut it off because I needed a break so I went to see a friend. Oh my God how dare I!!! I made all arrangements for my children while I would be gone and told them to text or call me if they needed me. I have no problem with the relationships I have with anyone else in my life except for him and it unbelievably frustrates me. He had been pretending for so long that years of anger, hurt, and frustration are boiling up to the surface for him and he barely keeps it contained. I am not a person that can keep it bottled up. I have been through therapy and worked on myself and I know how to cope and manage myself more than I ever have in my life. Looking back, it should have been so fucking clear that he only sometimes cared and I hate to say this but I don't think it was ever love. I tried to convince myself that once upon a time he did, and there wasn't enough supporting evidence. Now that I get angry and throw it in his face, he avoids me because he has no reason not to now. He keeps saying that we need a good relationship for the girls but he doesn't foster it. I'm currently sitting at a laundromat doing our laundry because the plumbing is messed up at home. My brother is handling that and thank God for his help in all this because I would have been a mess. But now, him being with us is hurting me more than helping. He sides with my ex-husband in arguments and logic and ways of looking at everything and it's so fucked up. I need something to give in my life because what I truly need, I'm not getting at all right now. Everyone means well with their help and suggestions and worry but holy shit I've been here before. I've lived with this man when it felt like I was nothing to him already. I have been angry with him and knew he would refuse to talk so I avoided him. I have no problem with "just dealing with it" as he says but fuck should I have to? If it's better for the children to see two independent, separate parents then why the hell wouldn't we do that? He's the one that wanted this divorce and I'm expected to fit back inside his small box so it's not hard for everyone. I apologize for having emotions and acting out when they're ignored but holy shit don't I get some say in this? Shouldn't there be some concessions made on both sides? Can't I have some comfort?
In November of 2008 I once again had pancreatitis. So much for that possibility of it never happening again. This time I went to the hospital after less than one hour of suffering with it. To my surprise it was somehow worse than before. At least thats what the doctors told me. During this stay at the hospital I spent exactly one month and two weeks there. I was told I was required to have surgery during that time. The day I had surgery I was brought to a very large room with wide open space, on each side against the wall were beds with some having closed curtains but many left open, the floor was simply concrete, and medical equipment and metal sinks of some kind were at its center. To be perfectly honest I never imagined a room like this would exist in a hospital. It felt like the room was pulled out of my worst nightmare. To this day it still gives me the creeps. After being pushed through this room on a bed I was brought to a much smaller adjoining one. In the middle of this room was a plank of some kind I was expected to lay on and around that were surgeons and nurses. I was promptly explained to what was going to happen, given some type of medicine, and a large breathing mask was attached to my face. I was told to count down from one hundred and at some point I fell unconscious. All that build up is for this. While I was unconscious I was screaming in my own head. The kind of scream that doesn't end, presumably because it didn't require oxygen. I don't know how much time exactly past but I didn't stop until I woke up in that very same room prior with sweat pouring off me. Moving ahead I spent my remaining time in the hospital with a tube inside my abdomen and on the end of that tube was a neat little bag which retained a black liquid we call bile. On the day I was sent home I had a six inch scar where my gallbladder used to reside, but the tube and bag stayed at the hospital. I was discharged on December 23. On December 25 I awoke on Christmas morning with a need to urinate. Before even getting halfway to the bathroom a half gallon of thick clear yellow liquid spilled out on to the floor from below my navel. I forgot to mention I was also cut open vertically from my navel down a few inches. Right back to the hospital I went. Of course I did use the bathroom first though before leaving. Promptly I had to have some type of scan by a radiologist, an anesthesia expert came in and gave me morphine, the radiologist proceeded to remove a few stables from my six inch monster of a scar and then he stuck a tube inside me which sucked out almost three gallons of bile. Now that I think on it I did have a lot of abdominal pain at home. I also had far too much pain then as I wasn't given much morphine. Maybe it also had to do with the fact I am allergic to morphine, which I found out that day. In the hospital I stayed yet again until near the end of January 2009. Up until July of 2009 I had regular doctor visits, regular refills of pain medication, and I almost forgot regular checkups on me and my new friend or old friend if you prefer the bag and tube I had to carry everywhere with me. It's so much worse than I'm writing now but I'm trying to shorten this novel.
Girlfriend committed suicide 10 days ago.. I'm crushed.I'm 26 years old. My live in girlfriend of a little over a year committed suicide 10 days ago. She suffered from extreme depression, and possibly borderline personality disorder or another disorder. Was a recovering heroin addict that was on suboxone for the past 9 months and recently tapered off...  After an argument she went out and bought heroin, wrote a suicide note, and then proceeded to do it via overdose. I haven't read the note, and I'm afraid of what it's going to say. I'm so completely crushed. Every day since then I've literally cried from the moment I wake up, and throughout the day randomly until I physically can't cry anymore...  I feel like this has really messed me up in the head. I don't know what to do... Everything I do reminds me of her, and I feel extremely guilty for even feeling the slightest bit of happiness at any time. Idk if a therapist will work.... because I don't know if I want to feel happy after this...  I'm not suicidal... but I honestly don't know if I'll ever recover from this.
I need relationship adviceMy anxiety is shooting through the roof right now. So there are 2 girls at my job. Lets call them girl A and girl B. I have a massive crush on girl A and girl B has a massive crush on me. I'm quite uncertain if girl A likes me in that way however. I definately like girl B and I can definately see her and I in a long term relationship however I met girl A first and crushed on her for a few weeks. Girl A knows I have a crush on her and I've asked her out a little while back and she  told me that she is just too busy (3 jobs). People here at work told me that girl A does like me however there hasn't been any way to make anything work.  She is quite married to working and can't/won't make any time. I do like girl B and would love to get to know her better however I'm afraid of starting something with her and my crush deciding to like me or worse (ending a possible friendship). Should I quit pursuing Girl A and go out with girl B? How do I handle this?
I'm lonely and confusedHi so I've never really done this before.  At the minute I'm feeling a mixture of things I just got fired from my job last week. Now I'm left crying everyday and it isn't really about the job because I've had a lot of Prospects since then I just think I'm a failure in general and every little remark my boyfriend makes that's slightly negative really gets to me and makes me really upset and he thinks I'm just being crazy. He reinforces the thoughts in my mind that I am just crazy and deserve to be in a mental home or something.  I really don't know what to do and this is my last option I have thought about suicide in the past and it does because my mind occasionally now I can't afford professional help and the doctor's waiting list is months please is there anyone that can help at all I'm just ruining everything.  Also I have tried to get help, as I've been anxious and depressed for around 4 years roughly. I've been to the doctors, I've downloaded apps, I've called help lines and gone online too and nothing seems to be long term help.  I thoivh someone on here might have or be experiencing something similar and that might make me feel better. I'm just at the end of the road now...
We started dating our senior year. Moved from Connecticut to California to go to school together. Graduated, got jobs that paid pretty well, rented a couple apartments, got 2 dogs and a cat, and made some good friends along the way. At some point she put on some weight and developed pretty serious depression. She was always attractive to me though, and I did my best to let her know this. Our sex life went through a series of high's and low's. She started to get the point where she was uncomfortable w/ sex. I always had to be on top or doggy style, and she felt so self conscious about herself to the point where I could tell sex was sometimes stressful for her. I always had to initiate the sex, which was not really an issue for me, but if I got the vibe that she wasn't in the mood, I'd back off immediately as I never wanted to make her feel like she had to if she didn't want to. I always felt like her depression was linked to her missing her family and we'd often talk about moving home together but she said several times that she didn't want to actually move home.
Stressed lolMy mom's got Alzheimer's, my dad's working his was off to support my family, and my sister's in school. I quit my job to become a fulltime caretaker but cannot afford to really survive. As a result I have neglected my health and now have intestinal issues that haven't gotten better in over a month. I went to doctors but even with Medicaid can't afford the tests or prescriptions. My family is in the midst of losing my uncle and I can't expect anyone in my family to help us. Everything costs money. Our physical and mental health is declining and Im getting worried I'm about to be the next loss in the family.  I'm also 21. On top of this my friends mom had knee surgery so I'm also driving their family around having to wake up early and keep up with their schedules. Dont know where to turn - suicide is not even an option lol.  But.  Hopefully I'm not bumming anyone out I just don't have friends that I can talk to and I'm tired of having mental breakdowns in my room by myself so I'm trying to vent here a little bit. Have a good day if you read this,  please. If you can be happy then do it for me. Do it for you. Peace.
Just looking for someone to tell me it's gonna be alright and that I'm not the failure I think I amSo backstory. I'm a 36-year old fat person who mostly hates myself for various reasons. I was a caregiver for my mom who got sick from breast cancer and chemo and declined shortly after that and got worse when my dad ended up in prison back in 2014. I could be off on the year cause the past year the days have kinda blended together and for the most part I can't remember a lot. So I took care of my mom and worked a shitty job but it was a job (Arbys). Around Feb 2018 mom got worse and around March she went into a nursing home (She would go into one often, but I finally convinced her that she would be better in one long-term and we finally found one she liked) and I took a full-time job that was gonna be better than my PT junk-hole. Also, we had roommates which sometimes changed but it was extra sources of income or such. My mom was a caring person who didn't want people we knew to be homeless and such so we let people stay for little sums of money or helping with things around the house.
What do I want? Honestly, I don’t know. I love being my own person, being my own boss when I’m on my own, but I miss having someone there with me. I’m in love with the attention, the affection that accompanies a spouse or a girlfriend, or even a best friend. That’s the problem with doing this in your 30’s maybe. Everyone is married, engaged, dating, has kids, established friends within arms reach. I have a lot of people around and they mean well but it’s different. I’ve tried to explain to others, as well as myself, that I have to learn how to be alone. It’s awful. I hate it. I hate not having someone there who wants to hear about what I think, how I feel, what’s making me angry, what’s making me sad. I hate not having someone there who trusts me so much that they would reveal to me everything about themselves and have confidence in me to help them feel better. I hate going to sleep alone at night, I hate waking up alone in the morning, cooking for one, being in empty rooms and houses.
Three years later...and I'm struggling still /ventA little about myself first; I'm 31 years old.  It's been three years since she decided to walk away and end things.  We were together for six years, married for two.  It was a hard situation and surprised me; we were definitely having issues and had been, but we were in counseling and there wasn't anything there that wasn't salvageable with hard work and dedication  We made it maybe four times before she...didn't any more.  I'm not in denial; the situation wasn't just...her fault.  It was our fault.  Mine as much as hers.  I was selfish, I wasn't pulling my weight at things...I own it.  Now, she wouldn't tell you that, but that's because of who she was...unable to accept any blame on her part.  But none of this is really important to my post, I can go into more detail if someone would like.  And this isn't a "bash my ex" post...the issues we had were between us, not you and her.  It wouldn't be fair.
I ran away from a shitty home at the age of 14 just to fall into that same toxic life. I started selling my body on the street, staying with whoever offered a place. I've been living with a 45 year old man the past two years, he helped me, fed me and even paid for my high school education. things were fine for a while, and I say "fine" loosely because my perception is messed up. let's just say I did everything he asked of me, all his kinks and whatever, the drugs, on a daily basis. but this year things progressed, he started bringing friends over. and even drugged me to near death at some point. I'm turning 18 soon and he said he was holding a party a day prior for me. the only outcome of that party was that I can barely walk. my ribs feel broken, my underwear are bloody and I barely remember anything from what happened, but the way my body looks is telling me I don't want to know. I'm turning 18, and while everyone is worried about graduation, I'm addicted to heroin, and It's ingrained in my mind that my only worth is my looks. I manipulate people, ruin any normal relationship I have, The only thing that's been persistent in my life is being used. That's the only thing I know, and turning 18 is honestly depressing to me because I don't think I'm gonna even make it to 20.
Asked out my best friend, 48 hours later I was rapedSo my best friend and I have had a complicated relationship. We are actually ex's but after we broke up, we became best friends. After we became really close, I discovered I had caught feelings for him. I confessed my feelings for him and told him everything. He said he didn't and would never love me. After that day, I became incredibly risky in my behaviors. 2 days later, me and my roommates decided to drink before going to the club. I drank a few too many shots and ended up being extremely drunk to the point of blacking out. I decided to go to the club anyways. At the club, apparently I called a person from high school I knew and invited him back to my apartment. I have no memory of this. We head back to my apartment and start having sex, even though I really wasn't into it. However it started to hurt and I asked him to stop. He didn't. At this point, I have few memories of what happened; partly due to the level of alcohol and partly due to the trauma. The next morning, I knew something wasn't right. I didn't feel good and my genitals hurt. I started to remember that night bit by bit and I went to the hospital with my friend. I ended up at a crisis center to get a rape kit done and to file a police report. It's been 2 weeks and I'm absolutely numb. I have forgotten how it feels to be normal. At this point I casually say I was raped. I have told so many people and said it so many times it has no meaning anymore. I still talk to my best friend but trying to talk to him about what happened is a nightmare. I feel he is constantly ignoring the subject and when we do discuss it, he acts like it is no big deal. I honestly feel so fucking lost.
I broke yesterdayI am not proud to admit this, but I broke down yesterday. My husband and I had a mediation session with our lawyers, and it was just so surreal- sitting there talking about dollars and who will get what. And when it ended, I walked out with my lawyer and he stayed behind with his. My lawyer left and I was standing on the sidewalk, and I was thinking about how short life is, and then my husband walked out, and I just... broke. Ever since he took off to be with someone else, I have been trying so hard to channel Beyonce and draw strength from her Lemonade album and be like "Boy, bye" to him. I've watched so many motivational videos saying that if someone wants to walk away from you, let them go. I've read all the self help pieces about how the best thing to do is go no contact/be a stone wall/don't cry/don't try to convince them to stay/work on yourself/the more you project confidence, the more attractive you will seem/they expect you to cry and beg, so behave in a way that they don't expect, etc etc etc, ad nauseam. And for I flushed all that down the toilet and I just looked at him as he came out of the door and I said "I don't want this," and started crying. And then I can't even remember everything I said, but I know I said that marriage is about being there "for better or for worse, in good times and in bad." I went into his arms and hugged him, and he hugged me back a little (one arm) and I said "I just want you come home." And he said "I'm sorry." He said that a few times. And then I kissed him and said "I love you," and I turned away and left quickly because I couldn't bare to face the weight of not hearing him say "I love you" in return. I didn't flat out beg him to try and work things out, but that kinda feels like semantics to me now. I really crumbled. He's the one who strayed, he's the one who should be broken, and I just feel so...pathetic. But at the same time, my marriage MATTERS to me, and I felt like I had to put up some kind of fight for it, that I had to speak some kind of truth to him about how I feel. But I know the reality is that unless both people want to work on things, a marriage can't be saved. And today I just feel so broken and defeated.
I'm 20, and I have no idea where my life is going. This is my story.I'm a 20 year old male and i've been in a depression for quite a while. Reddit is my only output because I just can't talk to anyone I know, not even my girlfriend, it's just too hard. I've been stuck in this cycle where I do nothing of my days, where I just sit and game until 6 in the morning, wake up at 3-4pm and repeat this over and over again. People say i'm lazy, but it's more than that, it's something I can't explain that's holding me down and the only time where I realize i'm doing nothing with my life is at 5am where I have panic attacks and I cry next to my girlfriend when she sleeps, because I feel sorry for her that she got stuck with someone like me. Because of this I can't hold a job for more than a few months, and as I write this i've been unemployed for three months. I'm student at heart, it is where I excel, and I feel as though since I got rejected from the university i've been dying to go to since age 8, it's all been downhill from there. I kept lowering the bar for myself concerning what I deem good in life. It's gotten from "I want to complete my master's in Common Law at Harvard University, to holding a damn job, to now getting up in the morning. To add to that, the only way I've been able to support myself is by stealing money, something i'd never thought i'd see myself doing. But here I am, stealing money from my parents, those who have loved me unconditionally, and I absolutely hate myself for it. I have no idea what to do anymore, i've run out of options; soon, i'll probably end up homeless because I can no longer pay rent, i've borrowed so much money from my own friend, parents, and girlfriend's mother, that I can no longer ask them. I've run out of options, and if this keeps going i'm afraid i'll get to a point where i'll take my own life. I need help. I need advice. And this is my first step. Please redditors.
What if I still need it?A few months ago, my thoughts were dark. Very dark. I couldn’t make it through a single day without questioning whether life was worth living. So I made a plan. I spent the next few days writing a note (on a phone app) to my boyfriend of seven years (who is also the father to my two kids) explaining everything. It explained how much I appreciated everything he did for me, how much I loved him, and how I never gave him enough credit for being such a good dad. It also went into details about what steps he should take once I was gone. I mean everything. I did research on the cheapest funeral plans, I called income based housing and set up showings so he could find an affordable place to live with only one income. I outlined every resource he could use. I got him referrals to therapists that were covered by his insurance. I even wrote a few pages on each of the kids, reminding him things like birth weights and favorite colors and little things like how proud our daughter is when she signs all her colors, so it’s important to quiz her on them. Just to see her smile. Or how our sons favorite hot wheels car is his red camaro, so you always have to offer it to him when you’re playing. I thought out every single detail. I finally finished this insanely long letter and tried to mentally prepare myself to finally take my own life.
I feel like I made a mistakeI (33f) left my ex (34m) 5 months ago due to disrespect when he binge drinks. It’s been a long time issue and I just got fed up. Initially I was happy with my choice and happy being a single parent. The past few weeks I’ve been missing him like crazy and I realised I’m still so in love with him. He seems to be doing well without me and has stopped drinking, going to AA etc. I asked him to spend Easter with me and the kids and he said no, he can’t be around me. I just don’t know if I can live without him in my life. He was my best friend and the one person I turned to for everything. Of course our friends and family think we are better off apart because the alcohol was an issue for our entire 10 year marriage. Everyone says just give it time and your heartbreak will subside. Right now I feel like I’ll never heal, never get over him. We dated at 18 and I moved away so we broke up and stopped talking. We reconnected when he moved to my city when we were 22 and have been inseparable ever since. Most of my adult life has been with him and the thought of the rest of my life without him by my side scares the crap out of me.
I wish my parents had aborted meMy dad knocked up mom and they had a shotgun wedding because my mom is super right wing evangelical. My dad embraced the Christian bs and became a manipulative abuser that would beat up on me and my three younger siblings and our dog. More than being physical though, there is super intense manipulation and gas-lighting centered on faux religion. Now my 16 year old sister is suicidal and she told my parents she was self harming and they refused to take her to a therapist because they said she just needs Jesus. She ran away and my dad brought her back home and has had the cops called on him for getting physical with her in a public place, however CPS won’t do anything because it looks like a nice white family on the outside and the state’s standards for abuse are absurdly high. I can’t help but feel like if my parents had aborted me and gone their separate ways when my mom realized my dad is an abusive fuck, my poor sister wouldn’t be going through all of this. I feel powerless to help her. I blame myself for not calling the cops all the times they were physical with me or telling the doctors when the reason I was at the hospital was my dad. More than that though, I blame myself because if it weren’t for me being born, all of this misery could have been avoided. I’m pro-choice primarily because of this... I’m not thankful that my parents chose to have me. I’m not going to go around and tell people how thankful I am that when people told my parents to abort me they said no. If having a child is going to put you in a situation like the current one my mom is in, then don’t do it.
My main issue with my mental health is dealing with my parent. I can't describe the stress she brings me. Her very existence is almost a trigger for me. She screams and hollers almost non stop. She can't get anything herself or do anything herself because of her weight (she weighs nearly 700 pounds) and at this point everyone in the family thinks she's going to croak because of her bad life choices. There's nothing we can do to help her. She would scream and yell and cry for my older sister to go pick her up cigarettes. There would be hell to pay if she didn't. If something was wrong with her food order, there would be hell to pay. She would call the fast food place and scream and yell at the dinner table and we would all have to listen to it. Whats more is that during dinner she would talk about the most disgusting and racist things. She is severely transphobic. Anything she reads online about the trasngender community she starts to slur and say how they're "disgusting" or "faggots" and a plague on the world essentially. I can't stand listening to her. I can't stand being in the same room as her. She'll call other members of the family to go on and on about things like this and I don't see how they don't just hang up the phone and never speak to her again. I can't bring myself to ever want to be around her after all of this. Going out with her is an embarrassment because something would happen and she would throw a fit and start screaming. If my dad doesn't understand or do something right she will scream and call him stupid. If we don't bring her food or ignore her she will call me and my sister a bitch. My aunt who is her sister described her as a "user" to get what she wants. And I can't sum it up any other way. There is so much more to it but this is mostly the basis of what I deal with every single day I am here.
Please listen to my story. I lost everythingI have been depressed since i was 12 years old. When i was 19 my depression reached new hights. I did ecstasy and was bullied while rolling. Three days later my mind kinda broke and i spent 4 weeks is a mental institution and lived in intense fear of going insane since then. I recovered a little bit and moved to Berlin.I lived in a loft bed in the hallway of a small flat with this girl i quickly fell in love with. She was my savior back then but she never wanted to be a couple  so she had many different partners while still being very close and intimate with me. I kinda always was her number one which made my jellousy beareble. Due to my anxiety i rarely left the flat but i had a small job at the opera. Me and her kinda became a unitiy. I knew all of my friends through her. She was 5 years older than me and had a very special personality. The whole flat was full of her self-painted pictures and stuff. I felt like i had no own personality at all.I kind of lived "inside of her". I was so happy that i had a warm place to stay and friends that i didnt really care for my feelings at all. Everything slowly went to shit in the last few months. I couldnt take all the sex and people in the flat anymore and i couldnt bear the sound of her having sex with various people while i was lying paralysed in my loft bed.But i could also not move out as i was to anxious to leave her and loose all my friends and what we had together. I felt like i couldnt exist without her. Now, 6 weeks ago i had a nervous breakdown. My system just kinda gave up to work and i was sure to be going insane while still trying to pressure myself to finally "heal my fear". I had to go to a mental hospital again and now i´m on medication again and have to stay with my parents. I will never be able to return to my flat and my friends. I lost everything. I feel severe inner pressure, i am terribly afraid of losing my mind , i will never be able to return to the place that was my home in Berlin again because of my jeolusy and feelings of identity loss and all i think of all day is how to kill myself quickly.I cannot bear this suffering anymore.My future is a dark whole filled with fear and pain and mental problems. My body is numb, my nervous system exploded. I know i will destroy the lives of my family as they are quite lovable people. My grandma already comitted suicide. I´m sure my sister would do it aswell if i do it and my mother would go insane .I dont now how to survive this.
Been depressed for a long time, todays my 21st birthdayAs I write this right now, I’m at my favorite pizza place sitting tucked away in a corner with my hat shadowing my eyes, and veiling what’s noticeable of my pain.  I shouldn’t even be writing this considering my family does so much for me— considering how they went out of their way to buy me lots of nintendo switch accessories and suchlike. I don’t deserve to be depressed... but I just am. I suffer from paranoia, anxiety, the aforementioned topic of this post, and a few other things that I cannot find a label for, that do not fall under the label of the others. I want to be happy... I want to smile, but this backdoor spike in my life keeps attacking me whenever I succumb to my manic state of mild happiness; thus leaving me always feeling as if I’m in an underworld of sorts... where my head is flooded with dark clouds, awful past memories and the worries of long gone friends. And then boredom. Boredom.... I don’t want to complain too much but, the boredom of only have one or two friends and losing so many others including my best friend, my girlfriend, my job, etc. I’m going to try and have a great night. I’m going to try and smile past all of the shit that forces me out of the act of smiling. But I know that I’ll have a very miserable night tonight when I get back home because my living conditions are atrocious due to poor insulation in my room, which overwhelms my Misophonia (irritability of certain noises). In the meantime, I’ll try.., thx. Ye...
You know no one caresA few weeks ago I went home and ended up going back to my old high school program to visit my instructors and a few of the younger students that hadn’t graduated yet but had formed good relationships with. FIRST thing that was said to me was “ go get your stuff “ when I walked into an instructors classroom and saw one of them for the first time in nearly a year. I had forgotten to get a T-shirt that I had ordered before I graduated and they had kept it bc it was too expensive to ship it but never told me. When I went and saw some of the students I was in the program with the first thing they said to me was “I wish you had some like 15 minutes ago, you could’ve gotten us Dairy Queen instead of us having to order it.” Like I know i would’ve picked it up for them bc im a pushover but I’m just someone people use. Idk if I’ll ever go back, I’m not in the same state for college so it won’t even be an option. I’ll try to kms again before i go back there but after half a dozen tries of different things I don’t even have hope for relief from the shitstorm I live in
My "sadness" has lasted for almost a year now.  It's weird though, because some days it seems like everything is perfect, but then as soon as you are left alone you start to feel as though you're suffocating.  And I don't mean literally, not as in you'll run out of oxygen and your lips turn blue, only for you to die.  I mean that it feels like your thoughts are screaming at you repeatedly, drowning you and scratching at your heart. You also feel a large pit right where your intestines should be.  As if there's a black hole just sitting there, or perhaps on a more relatable level, a meal that has decided to sit in one spot like a cold stone.  It hurts.  It fucking hurts.  Not the kind of hurt as in feelings, rather, they are physical.  Then you start believing that nothing can help except for even more pain.  So you start harming yourself, inflicting damage to your body - the body you're so insecure about.  One line of red, followed by two, then four, until your whole arm is covered in liquid the color of cranberries and that tastes like a quarter found in the cupholder of your car.
Its just EmI dont really know what kind of support I'm looking for, I dont know if I am to be honest. I've just been falling in a deep deep depression recently. My SO and I moved from Washington to California in September and it's been rough not having my people with me for their company. I havent really spoken out about being depressed with my SO because when I was going to open up to him he got some of his own bad news from his family and I dont want to add any of my burdens to it or feel like I'm trying to compete with our problems. It's been really difficult lately. I work 40/50 hour work weeks, at my job we dont get breaks. I get at least one 5 minute break a day because I ask my bosses (they say I take too many breaks but its less that 30 mins a week I'm taking away from work to take a breather). I'm stressed af and I've been getting super sick in the mornings to the point I've missed 6 days of work and dont know if I have a job on Monday. I tried going to the doctor today and found out that I dont actually have the medical I applied for when I started and I'm well past my 90 day marker. They told me I HAVE to have a doctor's note but without my medical insurance I can not afford to go. With all this I'm pushing myself deeper and deeper into my hole. I cant stop thinking about how fucked I am. I'm so sick and depressed at the end of the day I wish it was just the end and that was it.  I hate waking up because my brain and my body are fighting against me and I'm so drained. I dont want to do anything anymore. I dont want to BE anymore. I would never kill myself but I'm seriously getting so scared of being alone with myself and my thoughts. I dont know how to express  myself in a proper why to let people in without being too negative. I have anxiety but when I think about letting the people I care about in my anxiety goes from 10 to 20. I feel like all the stress/anxiety/depression is what is making me physically ill.
I love so many people and that is the worst part of this. Leaving all of you knowing I won’t ever feel Corey’s kiss again, or feel my puppy give me kisses, or my kitty rub her head on my hand. I won’t feel my moms hug, or hear the passion in her voice about her next new project. I won’t see my baby brothers grow into the amazing men I know they will be. I won’t see my grandparents and their unwavering ability to love and care no matter the screw ups. I’ll never hear my sisters harsh but truthful advice, formulated by long almost poetic rants. I won’t feel the summer sun on my skin. I won’t get to listen or watch thunderstorms, I won’t feel grass under my feet, or taste chocolate. I’ll miss life but I can’t live this one anymore for all the good there is equally if not more bad. I sit and I think not only about my failings and my mistakes, but about the worlds. The greed it infuriates me. I want to cry thinking about children starving while an American family gorges themselves at the golden coral. I hate thinking about the piles of dogs and cats being over bred and under looked. I hate thinking about woman being raped, not just in America, but young children in other countries and woman mutilation. I hate to think about people of color facing horrible tribulations every day. I hate thinking about the fact that our president, the man who is the face of my people, is a sexist, racist, ignorant, uniformed human. I hate this world it’s disgusting and our planet is dieing, and no one anywhere cares because we as a people are to oppressed to care, we can’t fight the wrongs of the world when we’re fighting to keep ourselves above water everyday.  I’m tired of trying and failing, I’m tired of crying, I’m tired of this body and this mind, I’m just so fucking tired and all I wanna do is go to sleep. So that’s what I’m going to do, I’m going to go sleep, and dream of a better world, a better life, a better me. I love you. Goodnight.
Anxiety in protecting a loved one stressed out lack of sleepI've always struggled with anxiety. It first started as social anxiety in high school and that still continues to this day, but now its interviews, my health, my persona to the family, not looking like a druggy (i experimented no longer touch even weed due to panic attacks), and now families health complications. Ive been really close with my older brother and he use to go heavy on drug abuse not so much now. He smokes a lot of cigarettes but hes only 24. After everytime he smokes he comes back inside sweaty and out of breath. Naturelly i look up his symptoms cuz he doesnt care. Im worried for him. Now he's asleep and im so worried that im keeping my headphones off and trying to listen to his breathing patterns and just to be prepared to call 9 11 if he suddenly about to die. I'm horrified that ill be relaxing and gaming with headphones on while he dies behind me. Like my cat mogwai getting eatten by my dog while i was gaming. Im traumatized I wanna protect my loved one and control them, but he wont quit i cant do anything but stress and be prepared.
I'm "the funny guy". I instinctively put on this act to make everyone laugh. Yet I really want someone to just see through my bullshit and understand how deeply sad I am.When I'm around other people, I laugh boisterously and crack jokes like it's my fucking job. People think I'm this confident, hilarious guy who enjoys the fuck out of life. Of course, I can't blame them. I mean, I'm full of shit. That's the image I project. I can't help it. I just do it without thinking about it. But all I really want is for someone to understand the crippling melancholy that forms the foundation of all my jokes. I want someone to see through it all and just acknowledge how fucking hopelessly sad I am. The hilarious thing is that all it takes is a bit of honesty. Yet honesty feels completely unnatural to me. I can't be honest about my feelings. I just can't. I can face a wall and tell it about how miserable I am. But replace that wall with an actual human being, and suddenly it becomes impossible. I *pay* my therapist to listen to my true feelings, but as absurd as it is, I can't even bring myself to tell him just how dark my inner world has become.
I really don't like my life. I hate it and I don't know what to do anymore. I can't get up in the mornings and nothing makes me happy anymore. I don't look forward to anything. I'm wasting my parents money going to school and having no idea where or what I want to do. I barely go to class and other than that I'm just in my room. No one cares about me. I can go days without anyone talking to me. No one would notice. I don't have any friends and I try so hard to be the best friend possible. But no one cares. I'm always left out or forgotten or taken Advantage of. I'm a failure at everything I do because I really just dont care. My whole life my family put me on this set path to do something. And I finally had to tell them that it wasn't me. Do something good for myself for once. And it felt good at the time. But it always backfires. Now I have no idea what I like or hate and my family is disappointed and I have no friends. Nothing ever works out for me. I dont think God wants me happy. No matter what it is. I will never be happy. So what's the point in even trying? Literally the only thing I want in life is a best friend. A relationship. Someone I can trust and they understand me. And I can show them who I actually am. But everyone just runs away because who wants to deal with that. I dont know why I'm like this. I know other people have it worse and can make do. Why can't I do that? Someone once told me that everyone has their own sadness. And no other sadness out weighs another. Because at the end of the day. If you are still sad. You are sad. I'm just so tired of being sad. I want to stop. I just want to stop.
Really Depressing Poem/thingI’m sitting here in the dark, thinking of the dark things to come, knowing my life is coming to an end, the rope gets tighter. I’m sitting here in the dark, waiting for my emotions to flood, knowing no one will bat an eye, the rope gets tighter. I’m sitting here in the dark, wishing myself out of this dreadful life, knowing my lover was with another, the rope gets tighter. I’m standing here in the dark, screaming out to people around me, knowing it was all my fault, the rope gets tighter. I’m standing on the chair in the dark, Hoping nobody will come to my aid, knowing that I cast myself out, the rope gets tighter. I’m standing on the chair in the dark, feeling the freezing tears run down my face as I am met with disgrace, knowing my life is in my hands, the rope gets tighter. As I tip, I think of all that happened for my life to have come this way, knowing my life is just a throw away, I swing here in the dark…
My mom had finally divorced the piece of shit after she found out he was cheating and I had so much relief after that. I thought finally no more pain. Later that year, I was constantly getting in trouble, doing drugs, trying to be cool hanging with the “bad kids”. I was expelled mid freshman year. I started going to an alternative school for kids who got expelled from high schools. There I met a friend I’ve known since kindergarten. We started hanging out everyday after school. I thought to myself that wow someone is actually being nice to me. There was this Friday where I was hanging out with a different friend when I ran into him and his friends. We decided to all hang out and we went in an ally way to drink and he had given me some pills saying it would get me “high”. Being the uncaring trying to fit in cool kid I took them and drank. My friend I was with had left with some dude that he was hanging with. So it was just me him and his other friend. We decided to go chill in a stairwell. I was so gone off whatever I had taken and from all the drinking I did. I remember him asking to have sex and I said no. I passed out and next thing I knew he was on top of me as his friend watched. I quickly pushed him off put my pants back on and as I ran down the stairway crying I seen him and his friend high five. I called my sister for a ride home but didn’t tell her what happen. When I got home I started crying to my mom but all she did was yell at me for coming home late and didn’t even ask me why I was crying. I went in my room wondering how could he do that to me? Someone I knew since elementary school. How could this happen. As I laid in bed, I thought to myself that I was nothing. I was already being sexually abused from my step dad for years and now it happens again at age 16 from someone I called a friend. By then, all I wanted to do was die. I thought after that monster was out of my life I’d be a little okay, yet it happened again from someone I knew and considered a friend.
Speaking of things that are completely unnecessary, can I talk to you about what happened on my birthday? See, I’m anosmic. That means I don’t have a sense of smell. Because I don’t have a sense of smell, from time to time, I forget to put on deodorant. My father already told me I didn’t put on deodorant this morning and I already told him I was going to when we got home. When we stopped at the grocery store, I told him “I think I need to get milk but that’s it” and he interrupted me and said, “I know, you need deodorant.” Like, was that necessary? Did you not already remind me that I needed deodorant earlier today? And I DID say something to him that time and he put his hand on my shoulder (I don’t like being touched unless I’m being hugged or giving a handshake and he KNOWS this) and told me not to make a thing out of it. Except he was the one who started it in the first place by reminding me a second time knowing damn well I still remember him reminding me the first time.
Now I literally have no friends. Seriously not one human friend. I tend to push people away when I get depressed, and then when they're gone I'm like: "hey why'd you leave me?" I adopted a dog almost a year ago. She's the best thing that's ever happened to me, I literally take her with me everywhere besides work. She makes me happy, but I still feel something missing; human connection. My ex got really mean those 2 months I was chasing her, and my friends got really sick of hearing my lovesick bitching. I can't really blame her for being mean though, I seriously would not let up, I was texting her constantly blah blah, so what other choice did she have? It still hurt though. I felt alot of our friends, and my friends had turned on me, so I cut them out of my life. I had moved to a new place, a really beautiful horse ranch just outside of town with stupid cheap rent and got along with my roommates... for a time. Then the one I had become good buddies with started dating a girl, she moved in, and I find her annoying as fuck, but played nice cuz we all live together, and he's happy. Then she starts making all these rules, which she holds everyone accountable for following except herself. I calmly call her out on it. She blows up, huge fight. Now none of us speak, and again *snip snip* I cut them out of my life. That was 2 months ago.
Living my life.How is it that I am supposed to live my normal life through fear and agonizing pain? How is it that I am supposed to live my life knowing that everyone knows I am a failure? How is it that I am told to leave this pitiful world through the means of a rope and no other way? How is it that my brain is under tyrannical rule through the minds of a psycho which is my self-esteem which is patronizing me every inch of the way? Why is it that I must bleed myself from my wrists to feel better about my own body and to live with my scars? When is it that people will finally see the true amount of me and not just my body? When will I finally snap and just realize that I am not like everyone else, that I am different and that I am told that I am not supposed to live anymore? So I will just leave as I hammer in the nail which will end up as my coffin to my life, as I tie the rope, stand on the chair, and tip my life was just a mere spec in this unforgiving world.
Now to the point of my grandfather. He wasn't all that sane of a man before my grandmother died but now he acts more like a rabid animal. Not the best veiw to have of your grandfather but it's true and I have plenty of experiences to explain why. Initally he became more "suicidal" in his eating habits, where he ate tones of sugar even though he's a type 1 diabetic. This progressed into him stealing food to horad in his room... After all that my parents realized he might be going insane as he allready was on heavy medication for some prior mental illness (he was a pharmacist in the past and self prescribed alot leading to some braindamage? I don't know the details as usual as my family loves keeping their secrets from the younger generation) this man now has de-evolved to the point where he's past shame and does whatever he likes alongside verbally and physical abusing people. So he's usually kept inside his room through bribery and sometimes baracading. But my father refuses to send him to any medical facility (although they tried to send him to a temple... That ended badly and tarnished our image there. Too bad I'm not religious anyways)
waiting on blood test results, literally sick with anxiety :(I have important blood work results coming back any day now.  the results I recieve will either change my life completely or put me right back where I started, not knowing what's wrong with me. really, there is no good news coming. either my blood tests come back positive, and my outcome is basically terminal, or they will come back negative and I will have to continue suffering without knowing why. I will have to do more tests. more needles and tubes. ugh. I don't want the results to come back positive but I don't want them to be negative cause I am so sick of all the testing I have been going through. my doctor's have been searching for months and months and we just can't figure it out. all the searching could be over any day now, or I could be right back at ground 0. I can't deal with the stress. I hate just knowing that any day now I am going to get a life changing call . it's too much. it's exhausting. I just need the phone call to come so I can get it over with.
To her: I miss you. I don’t know how you can be so fine after 5 years. We had our problems, I didn’t step up to the plate when you needed me to, but when we were with each other, we were happy. We laughed until our chests hurt. We’d wrestle and have so much fun. Your hugs were so warm, so soft, and you kissed so deeply. I am pretty sure, at this point, that for the last few months of our relationship you were cheating on me. Thats the only thing i can come up with. How can you start dating the day after we break up. To me it seems like you had him waiting off to the side. I don’t care. But thinking about the memories are too painful. Remember christmas when we got that little tree in my room and we opened each others presents on my bed? Remember our governors dates? I’d get the chicken fried chicken, and you’d get the two slices of meatloaf, with a side of applesauce. You were always so amazed at the quality of the applesauce (I’m pretty sure it was just from a can though). Sometimes we would get a dessert to share. Remember our car rides? The long quiet ones. But not quiet in an awkward way, it was the type of warm, thick, loving quiet. We were just enjoying each other, instead of talking. I miss that more than you can comprehend. Remember our plans? We were gonna have a house, with Olivia. We talked about our future a lot. And out of all the names through the years, Olivia stuck. But that future is dark. Now our future is a post apocalyptic wasteland, our house is burned down. Professor, our dog is dead. Olivia is dead. You’re dead. And I’m left in the remaining debris of the house, left to sit here and be constantly reminded of my dead life. I miss watching Good Mythical Morning with you, I miss watching Parks and Rec with you. I honestly miss giving you footrubs. no matter how reluctant I seemed to do it, I liked making you feel good. I liked making you happy. I didn’t get to do it often. You seemed to take care of me, you supported me, which isn’t how it should be. It sucks that when I think back at some of our best memories, they make me cringe and wonder how I could’ve been so stupid and thrown it all away. Knowing he makes you happy actually brings me comfort. When i see you guys drive by my house, and i see you smiling in the front seat i get slammed with a rush of pure white hot rage, envy, and happiness. Because you deserve to have basic happiness. These last months really taught me how to love. How to love someone so deeply, I’ve always loved you. But I didn’t realize how much until now. Thank you for the time we had. Thank you for all the love you’ve given me. Thank you, ____, I love you.
F is for Friends.  You know who they are now.  The ones who actually call.  The ones who still want to go out even though your "one" doesn't match their "two" anymore.  You weren't just a couples date to them.  The ones who drag you out for lunch or coffee and allow you to have full mental breakdowns over something you saw on social media or a surprisingly poignant laundry soap commercial.  You will have days when you don't want contact, no witnesses to the chaos that is your life right now.  But the days when you do decide to let friends in always end up feeling better.  The good friends don't want details, they don't want updates, they just want to see you alive for another day.  You wonder if you'll ever be as good a friend as they are and hope you will.  Even if you don't respond to their supportive text right away, you file their name away as "one of the good ones" and on a better day you'll be able to gratefully reach out knowing you've got someone to listen.
Asentient serviceIn an inanimate universe bumping around something to observe it bloomed through the first suitable vessel. The elements kettles life like water boiling quickly at first and slowly began making  larger longer lasting bubbles from more complex vessels dextrous enough to house life and use previous life's DNA memory to brave the elements. Shouldn't a did that. Then the sociopath was born. The prodigal eternal death cure for any furthering of life's garden unfurling finally corrected and choked off, in the distant future where it became the omnipotent bigot if pettiness supreme and after the moving corpse war ended the war on prepositions began. After they too were slain the sociopath remodelled all of the simulants for use in shitting for it. The sociopath sat in it's shit and demanded that the simulants that she had to murder for not being her thoughts would finally shit all the formy's she needed in the petty-shelf fashion needed rather than making her jealous of being innocent enough to suffer like she would but being too spiteful to show themselves doing it. The prepositional war still haunts the idea that towards the underneath of the adjacent the diagonal besideness of any object, waiting for correction or having the audacity to move around like during the corpse war... So everything was wrong for propping up her surroundings and being caught red handed hoiising her attributes of her surroundings into place and skittering away instantly. Then slowly more weary of the more darkness coming from sociopath that never got lit because opaque. An opaque cape. The way her surroundings got moved into place as different attributes varied somehow and wasn't her thoughts. This was strange. The workers hoisting and using pulley systems and slides et cetera to move the props of attributes to her surroundings got slower than her attempt to observe the props. It didn't Dawn on her that the workers moving the props around would eventually quit altogether. Bigots. Hippocrites! You're wrong!
Out of the blue, wife says she wants a divorce and Sat night and wants to tell the kids Sun morningWe have been married nearly 15 years. We are both in our late 30s. Sunday night as we laid in bed, my wife told me that she wanted a divorce. This was a complete shock to me. She has a history of depression and I assumed she was just going through a rough bit before. We hugged, kissed and told each other "I love you" all the time including a right up to the point she told me she wanted out.  She said that her mind is made up and she wants to work with me to spit everything 50/50 including kids (\~12F and \~8M). We don't fight, we have a relatively fair division of house hold responsibility.  I  never cheated on her and I fully trust that she hasn't cheated on me. No issues with drugs or alcohol. We don't even argue. We have disagreed on many things but we were able to work through them without fighting. Her only complaint was when things got heated I would get calm and speak slowly and to her it felt condescending. I really thought things were good.
College is the best, but mostly the worst, thing that’s ever happened to meHi all. I’m a college sophomore about to start my second semester on Monday, and I just can’t handle the stress anymore. I have really good grades, but I just don’t know if it’s worth what’s happened to my body and mind because of stress. I wake up every morning violently sick to my stomach because I have another day of stress ahead, and I can barely eat or sleep anymore. I want so badly to learn and be able to help other people by using what I know, but I just feel like the expectations and standards that I’m being held to are more than anyone who at least slightly cares about grades can bear, especially if that person is anxious by nature. I reached my lowest point last semester and contemplated suicide several times, but never seriously. The workload I’ve been given has taken over my entire life, but I don’t want to quit because I can’t help others the way I would like to without this college degree. The only reason I’m posting on here is because I just don’t know what to do anymore. I just need a reason to keep going and some advice on how to destress and stop feeling overwhelmed.
I don’t know how to feel betterIs it harder for atheists to commit suicide? I’m not even atheist really and not sure what I believe in, but I’m sick of having “I want to die” on an endless loop in my head. Feeling too scared to actually kill myself makes me feel even worse. Not knowing if whatever lies ahead after death could be worse or not throws me off. I want to live a happy life and I try to redirect my thoughts but it’s like I have two brains at the exact same time saying opposite things. I feel worthless and want to feel loved by boyfriend so bad it’s consumed me. I’ve never been in a relationship where their opinion and feelings mattered so much to me that it’s debilitating. I think maybe I have pmdd, because it gets so intense and depressing for 2-3 weeks out of the month. Without health insurance I don’t feel like putting more stress on myself or boyfriend finically. Feeling like he’ll never love me as much as I love him or the fear of him breaking up with me(which he has done out of impulse a couple of times) has taken over my mind. I can never be happy, I constantly feel not good enough and compare myself to everyone and make up this extreme and mean scenarios in my head of him leaving me for some one else. He is not the easiest to talk to anymore and doesn’t take any type of criticism well. I don’t want a relationship like this, but I want him and I want us to be good to each other idk why it’s so hard. It’s starting to feel impossible, his life and mental health comes first and I feel like when I try and express how I feel he gets so defensive even when I’m not accusing him of anything. I want to feel better, but I don’t want to lose my relationship. I know I can’t force some one to like me, but how do I move on from trying? I feel so alone and worthless and in turn it’s made him feel unappreciated. I don’t know what’s real anymore and I feel like I’m wasting away and less people will love me as I age. I want to feel secure and safe with myself and my relationship. I’m not ready to let go, when I feel like if we could just communicate and be more supportive of each other mentally our relationship would be great. When my thoughts have simmered down, I genuinely like who I am but it makes me so sad feeling like the one person I want to spend my life with doesn’t always see me for who I am or can be. I hate the person come off as because I can’t snap out of my depressing and intrusive thoughts.
I feel like there's two people in my life who genuinely care about me, and one I can never see due to her and her boyfriends relationship and the other just doesn't "get" me sometimes. The former I may very well (still) be in love with, so that's a hard one. We had a relationship in the past that I, addmitedly, did fuck up, but a *lot* has changed since then, and I am a much better, more affectionate man now. Not a day goes by I don't think about her and our past and what I hope can become a future. Not a day goes by I don't crave the sneaking aura of joy and warmth ever present around her, eminating from every pore of her being, her sparkling blue-green eyes that shine from her gorgeous face and give such an eloquent juxtaposition to the dark waves of brown-blonde that brush her sides. I know I can do it right this time. I know I'm ready to give her 1000% of my love. Forever. The other, platonically, I also love, and I know they love me but yet so often I still feel so fucking alone.
If you are going through something remotely similar to do with heartbreak, I am here to tell you it is hard, brutally hard. I lost my little family, my companion, the person I thought was the love of my life, but God has a different plan for me. I don’t want to be with someone who doesn’t love me as much as I love them. Things DO get better and WILL get better. Try new things, spend time getting to know yourself a little better. If you feel like crying, wait until you are alone and let it out. I had some all-out intensive shouting, crying, and booger inducing cryfests. Allow the people who care for you to be a part of your life. You’ll quickly know who sticks around to help and who just came around to “see what happened” then leave just as quickly afterwards. I find that I’m probably still have feelings for her, those feelings and thoughts have become sort of numb. The best thing I could have done is to do what is possible and not see or talk to her as it did affect me.
Recently started taking anti-depressants and I feel worse than I could ever have imaginedEvery day I wake up and I feel like I have absolutely nothing to live for, there's nothing I enjoy except a couple songs that I'm pretty sure I'll grow tired of by tomorrow. I have no idea what to do to overcome this at all. Everything was relatively okay, I was happy from time to time and I had a bit of motivation to improve myself. Then I started seeing a psychiatrist, describing how I've been feeling to her she recommended anti-depressants. At first I felt nothing whatsoever, then 2 weeks later I felt some side effects but they were not that bad. Then I started feeling more and more depressed every day, first simply staying in bed and not getting out for a week, and now I go hours and hours feeling extremely sad and lonely. I have no motivation to do anything and I feel like I have no one to bring this up to because I don't want to bother my friends or family. Sorry if this is not the right place to post this in, I'm just desperate for some kind of help.
But how can you help someone who will regardless of any help be stuck in this world full of cruelty and misery for the rest of their lives? What's the use of all this pointless suffering that happens on an insignificant rock? Why prolong the inevitable? So many unanswered questions only to be belittled by overused shallow cliches. I hate this world and I hate myself even more and the more I think about my existence and everything from my birth to my death and everything in between I get claustrophobic. To me Life is inherently a bad joke. There are no allies here. We may long for solid ground, but reality is merely illusion and delusion combined. We find ourselves thrown into the universe. We did not ask to be born. Finding ourselves at the end of a biological process which has blindly shaped life upon this planet, we are expected to find some peace in this most inhospitable of places. Then the world of man demands we play its rules. Respect this. Revere that.  I mean it's pointless in the fact that it wasn't worth starting in the first place. We are self-replicating bio-robots; lumps of self-aware meat hung on a rack of bones slowly decaying until we die and rot in a grave/crematorium. All we are here to do is consume and reproduce more copies of ourselves, the rest is just drama created by a culture/society. It's just - Eat, sleep, shit, work, chase trivial crude, animalistic desires and then die. Once our brain rots we won't even remember any of this nonsense so it will be as if we never even existed. The sad reality is there is no "positive", there is only the elimination of the negatives. (Negatives instilled by life) E.g - we are hungry, we need food - we are lonely, we crave companionship - we have needs/desires, we seek fulfilment - we are sick/ill, we seek relief/aid. Once one removes all cobwebs of delusion they can see the silliness of life; a bunch of animals eating each other. Things only get worse in time, such as nursing homes, dementia, cancer etc. Also, your better off not having kids and making more victims to suffer this slaughterhouse of an existence. All you can do is try and "enjoy" your own life the best you can without causing harm to others and that's about it...but if we we're logical and had no emotional bias we would probably realize it is best to terminate ourselves as soon as possible. We live in a world of depravity and callous hypocrisy while the only morality in a cruel world is chance.  Sorry for ranting it's been a long day and if anyone has any advice on how to change my mindset feel free to oppose.
I don't feel like myself anymore living with my MIL. I'm getting depressed and I've told him this 100 times. He told me that if I can't deal with this anymore he will just have the divorce papers ready for me to sign. Then he tells me that I will have to move in with my parents and he won't have any money to give me because he doesn't have any income. Moving in with his mom was for us to save money and for him to start working and was supposed to be a temporary thing. I didn't even want it and said id rather live in a 1 bedroom studio, but he told me I didn't have a choice. Its obvious hat he doesn't value our marriage at all and has different priorities in life.  His parents got separated after being married for 40 years so he feels like he can't leave his mom. He is not the only child. He always says that we have to think about what his parents went through. I also know that his Dad put a lot of property and everything under his moms name. Once they got separated she sold some stuff and doesn't talk to him anymore. My FiL always tells my husband to be in control of the finances. I feel like his laziness/Npd/incontrol of his life will get worse.  The reason I didn't work earlier is because I have a preschooler. I didn't want to leave her at home half the day with my moody husband and work part time. Now that my preschooler will start Kindergarten, I can focus on starting a career.
Just mad38m stbxw 37f married 6 years in May together for 14. So it's been almost a month since I moved out. I probably should have stayed and made her leave. At the time I thought maybe the space would help us. I'm pretty sure there's someone else. My son is very confused he's only 5 and today before I took him home he was asking me questions about why I'm not coming home. I tried very hard to explain it to him with out saying it was cause his mom didn't want me. I told him that we didn't love each other and I had to leave. He told me that he still loves me so I should have never left. I started to tear up this is so hard. I miss my son so much. Her I don't care anymore she always puts her emotions in front of everyone else including herself. Just an example his karate teacher fought last night. He's been in karate for the last 2 years and the guys great with kids. Anyways he lost pretty nasty ko and my son was a little upset so I texted her thinking she would call. Nope to busy with someone else to worry about her son. I thought ok maybe in the morning nope didn't her from at all. I can handle her doing things like that to me but her choosing another man over our son makes me so  mad. I'm contacting an attorney tomorrow. I was going to let her keep the house so it would be less impact on him. Now I'm really wrestling with making her give me a half of the house. I don't think somebody else should enjoy my hard work. Just a little bit of a rant here.
Eventually proved she was lying by what she said and posted.  So couple days I give up. Sent goodbye email( I'll miss you, respect yourself, stay focused, and even though it's ending like this hope 1 day we could still be friends, and wish I could've at least had a chance to say goodbye.). Then ask her mother to meet with me to speak.  Going to warn her about my ex's behavior and disturbing online life, nasically selling herself now, nudes etc., and what's up with paperwork. She agreed to meet and talk and as I was waiting get message that she's at police station filling protective orders and leave them alone. Then finally, I get reply email telling me off mind my own business and if I try to contact her or "just drop by" she'll get restraining order.  Gave final reply shocked because I've given up weeks ago after leading me on and keeping me hanging, that I just want her to sign what I sent or give me some info. And why would I be with someone who doesn't respect themselves, and for the second time ever in our relationship, first time as past reference to her "horrible" past life, called her a bad word and guess I'm not finding out about papers.  I wanted to apologize I still felt bad but she told me not to contact her.
Advice about our daughterLet me know where I should post this, probably not best place. Not sure what info is needed but I'll throw some out before I ask for advice. I (47m) was married to ex (42f) for 15 years, together 23. Split was fairly amicable, I guess. We have a daughter, 12 years old. Custody is 50/50. Called ex a bitch once (in a normal speaking voice, not that it matters I guess) over 1.5 year process. Just my luck daughter took off headphones and came out of room at that moment. Ex has slammed me twice (that I know about) talking to daughter (once about keeping a dog and once about me not letting ex stay in house longer than the court allowed.) If I speak of ex, (at least a couple times a week) I do it in a positive manner. Daughter has talked about her ONCE of her own free will in this whole process. I never ask about ex when talking with her. More like "Have fun with your Mush" (daughters nickname for ex) or "Let's do some extra homework so you and Mush can enjoy the weekend."
I would run away, but don't feel like taking off my chains...Sometimes I think that they lied to me as a kid. "You can do anything" they would say. "The world is your adventure" they said. Well no. I am 26, a line cook. I spend my days getting on my bicycle, stopping at my usual coffee shop, parking my bike in the same rack, working the same station, getting back on my bike, going home, checking my bills online, and going to sleep. Repeat 7 days a week. 52 weeks a year. Yes, it was a lie! Life is one of the most disappointing things I have ever experienced. I spend my free time developing plans for any kind of apocalypse that could occur. Zombie. Illness. Nuclear war. Etcetera. I develop escape routes, packed bags, car rotations, who I would chose to be with. And why? Because regular society is oh-so-boring. Life is no adventure. It is a prison built in a way that chains you to a computer, and Big Brother hovers over you. I was lied to as a kid. I want to run away, and go to a place where I have to spend my days surviving, thriving, and living what life was meant to be. But I just don't have the willpower any more to rip the chains from my ankles. I guess I will just go on, as the good little soldier that I am. Never mind that tear streaming down my cheek...
Eventually things went better, finished high school, met lots of girls, had some girlfriends, a job, went out a lot. Almost no panic attacks and no weird obsessions. I do notice that I had tons of energy, I still had moodswings, racing thoughts, easily distracted. It's like I either feel really good like I'm on coke or either really anxious and depressed. Anyway I went to university after, lived on my own by myself, got incredibly demotivated, lazy, slacky, slow. Didn't make it. Obsessed a lot about what to study. Went to uni a second time. Didn't work out. Couldn't deal with the people, hated what I chose, was clueless what to do but I tried to use that year to find out what I wanted to do. Also broke up with my girlfriend. I always thought she was going to cheat on me. I always found something to attack her or accuse her with. In a constant cycle of fights and make up. She wasn't exactly the easiest person either but I still feel like I was the main one being problematic. I don't know. Chased her off, lost some friends. Got lonely. Did meet some new ppl tho but still felt lost and depressed for this whole year. Still no real anxiety though. At the end of the year anxiety came back. Didnt feel the same ever since. It doesn't fucking end. It's getting better but I have such a hard time making decisions that life isn't fun anymore. I only light up a bit when I get outside and take action. But now with holidays I don't have shit. I'm in a house I fucking hate, and I think my mom is better enough without me, I'm losing friends and don't have shit to do except plsying videogames. Which sometimes isn't even fun anymore. These last months I was convinced I was gonna die. I also questioned a lot about reality and life doesn't seem the same anymore. Like I'm a ghost or ended up in some other dimension (although I don;t actually believe it). I can lay down look at my body and say it isnt me. I know its probably a symptom from anxiety but still doesnt make anything easy. And now school is starting I am doubting again whether I should continue the new study I chose. Again obsessing about what to do. My mom doesn't know what to do she's losing her shit too.
Flunking Nursing School After Flunking out of Graduate School. I Feel Like I Let Loved Ones and My Community Down. I'm So Full of Self Hatred.I'm sorry if this is long. I'm not used to truly expressing how I feel. I guess this is the only place where I feel comfortable enough saying this. I can't tell my family, girlfriend, or the few other friends I have, bc they'll call the police and send me to an inpatient facility. I work at an inpatient facility and I know what happens when people express suicidal ideation to others. I have insurance through my job, but I already live paycheck to paycheck and I don't want another bill on top of everything else I have to pay (the healthcare system in America is sofa king regressive). Plus, I think the only hospital my insurance works at is the place where I am currently employed, and I don't want my co-workers knowing my business. Idk why I can't just be a good disciplined student and just sit down and study hard like all the other successful students. I try and sit down to study and my mind starts racing with random and/or self-doubting thoughts. I've already spent the last 10 years since graduating high school trying to make these healthcare careers work. If this doesn't work out, idk what to do with my life. So many of my other friends are established in their careers and have traveled, and I'm here spinning my wheels. I just hate how inconsistent I am. I just wanted to be a positive role model for the Latino community here in America. I feel like I will never get out of this level of poverty and never get to experience travelling and seeing Latin America like I have wanted to. I try to use that as motivation, but external factors like money and travelling don't really work. I already have thought of a plan about how I would like to go. I tried to make it as "fun" for me as possible and a way nobody could find my body; I know of a former co-worker who shot himself in the head in a grocery store parking lot, and I don't want to go out that way or the way Bradley Cooper went in A Star is Born. Sometimes the only thing that gets me excited for the next day is working out and trying to set new PR's. But I've been getting injured more after losing a lot of my flexibility and having gained 50 lbs of unnecessary body fat after 4 years program hopping and looking to junk food for immediate comfort (which would make me end up feeling worse after I binged). I don't do any drugs and I don't really like to drink bc it makes me sleepy and gives me poor quality sleep. The closest thing to a drug I consume is sugar free RockStar energy drinks. Those sorta gives me an adrenaline rush and euphoric feeling.  I feel so much pressure to "live my best life" (I don't even have any social media accounts) and I feel like a choke artist after getting myself into position to accomplish a goal, and tripping over my own feet when I am so close. I feel there is no hope for me and the already overpopulated planet would be better without a screw up like me around. Now part of me feels I should have spent this time and energy studying.
DespairI'm probably the best liar in the world. I was able to fool them by using their secret weapon, which is the hacking of my facebook account. Clearly, i didn't knew it at first but i was able to realize it the next day. They think I'm stupid but it is the opposite. I was able to tell the biggest lie in my life so far, and has been the greatest of all. I was able to fool the one i love, i was able to fool everyone around her, I was able to fool myself and just to see that i'm regretting it. I wasn't able to express my feelings because I don't want my first to be halfassed, which is my fault by the way. I could just tell her how I feel, but i did it in the worst way I believe is sh*t. The only thing came after I did that sh*t is to make her wait as long as possible, and see if she could stand it. But it failed, and was my fault, and it was not right. Then these people around me told me something about her. I was pissed and couldn't stand it so I just let it all out, and the outcome would probably be the worst ever that you could imagine. Then I started to doubt myself, I started worrying about the things I will do for tomorrow. I started worrying about everything and started remembering everything happened for the past couple of weeks. I knew there wasn't enough time and I didn't care most of it. But I knew that i was wrong. Why would I let the woman I sincerely Loved to be with someone else who doesn't even deserve her. I deserve her, I can be with her side for the rest of my life believing to only one thing. "Nothing can separate us" But that is not the case anymore. I've already lost her. The only thing i could do now is to protect her from the shadows. I don't really know why I'm still in love with her despite knowing her trash side. Why do I even think of her in that way? What is wrong with me? That's right, it's because I started doubting myself and i couldn't tell what is right and what is wrong anymore. I don't know what to do. Do I need to pretend and lie to myself for the time being. Or should I be more honest and be strong to be able to tell people who I really am. I don't want to wear this mask any longer, but I need to keep wearing it for the rest of my life as my sin. If I were able to turn back the time, it would probably be the time when I spend my $1900 winnings from gambling because I think that is where I started doubting myself, jokes aside. I can't really stand it any longer but if it's my sin then I'm prepared to die without doing and saying anything. That is the guy I'm really are. That is my Valor. I'm going to keep lying until the day I reached the edge of my life. I hate myself. In short, this is the worst decision ever. But believe me this.... every time I see her smile, I'm very certain that she is happy. I just want to see her like that everytime. I want to give my life for the sake of her own happiness but if I can already see her happy with the last person I want to see near her, then be it. But then again, I'm still doubting myself.... is this the right decision?? I know that this "asshole" is just lying to his love and only there for his own sexual desires and this is the kind of guy I will hate, probably forever. But if she is happy, then why would I still doubt my decisions?? I really hate myself for lying. I wish that there is a switch that can easily make people to see what is inside, and help them to see what we are really thinking.
The police seized my car a week ago. I was driving with no insurance because I couldn't afford it. I needed food and the nearest place is 3 miles away. I should have walked, but I thought I could get away with it. I couldn't tell my parents that the car had been seized as they would go mad and usually it is parked in the garden so I had to say that it was at a friends house. Today I went to get the car back. I was told to bring proof of insurance. I paid today for insurance and took it there. However, for a seized vehicle you need a specific type of insurance. I never knew about this. So I have now paid for insurance for a car I don't have. The police wanted a £150 retrieval fee plus £20 a day for storage and the insurance to get it out would be £440. I don't have any money to my name other than what is in the business which really isn't much. So now I have no choice but to let my darling car that I have had for two years and has always done me so well be scrapped, along with all of my stuff inside it. To get my stuff back would still cost me the £150 plus £20 a day. In my car were all my business cards which cost me £30, and lots of clothes. There were some CD players probably worth about £20 each. Quite a few comics and other bits and bobs. The frustrating part is that if I could get the car back I could probably sell some of the stuff to pay half of it off but even just to get my stuff back I would have to pay the full fee. I know this is my own fault, but it's one of the many situations I keep putting myself in. I seem to have this mindset that future me will deal with it fine. But I don't. Now I have to provide a story to my parents of why my car is not back. I think I will buy another car with the new credit card and say that I swapped it.
So, I start watching porn(again). When we first got married, I abandoned the act altogether. Again, we had passionate sex and intimacy so there was no need for me to jerk it to women. She became a "super-devout Christian", and while I don't agree with the religious views inherent in Christianity, I was okay with it as long as we could reciprocate respect and as long as she didn't try to force it on me (plus, she is part of a nice community, so I didn't mind making friends there). So, predictably, when she decided to go through my phone (we shared pin numbers since I only have one on my phone to keep strangers from going through it), she got livid. She complained about how it made her uncomfortable, how it made her feel like less than a woman, how it was an act of sin against God, and of course, adding the cherry on top, "This is why I hate atheists/men (she used both variants)!" Of course, she was not putting out as a wife or by her own admission, begrudgingly laying there like a log for sex. I was offended by the latter since there were times prior to her admission that I was performing roughly the same, if not at a higher degree, and had no reciprocation of intimacy. After that confession, she tried the same shtick again and got upset that I rejected her offer to basically be a sex log for me.
    We had booked a vacation for the family only one month before the betrayal. And this is real life not the movies and these vacation cost money. Non refundable money. Not to mention the kids have been looking forward to it for a long time now.  So for 26 days we have to live in the house together until the vacation. Then we also have to go on this vacation together. Not speaking. Me ignoring him and wishing he didn’t have to exist. I thank god that we had booked it with my best friend and her family. So i will have someone with me. My best friend to give me strength.   I have no idea how I’m going to do it. Any of it. But I’m going too. I will not live this life constantly feeling numb all the time . This was a horrific ordeal, but it also could be a blessing because I’ve never felt so sure that I need to leave this marriage. My happiness and my health are worth it. My children are worth it. I am worth it. This could be my second chance at happiness. I’m scared but I’m ready.  I just need to get through this month. Prayers needed for me to get through it all.
Why even go on anymoreI could provide you with a huge sob story.  Aka, my whole freaking life. But I will just tell you small things.  In a hypocritical, judgemental, annoying, mean, repetitive piece of crap.  I've done nothing but hurt my friends who care so much. For the past few months, all I could think about it wanting to die.  I got help. Therapy. Medication. But its not helping. I tried to be happy, got a job. Ended up making everything worse. Why do we have to go on though?  There are billions of people in the world. Babies are born every day. If I want to just end it all, why can't they just give me a shot that will kill me painlessly?  I want to not exist anymore. I don't want to feel, think, care, I don't want to be here at all. But I'm so scared of pain. What if I try, and I fail?  Ill end up being hurt. Ill end up messing up more things than I already have. I'm tired of climbing out of one hole just to fall in another.  I think its time to just sit at the end of it, cry, and then drown.  But then I also have friends, family.  I don't want them to be hurt.  I care for them so much. I don't want them to feel it was their fault. At times though, I get so numb to where I couldn't care less. Ill be dead anyways. Well. That's my rant (';  i honestly don't know what I expect but oh whale.
UPDATE to Just Got Fired for Being SuicidalWell, I'm still fucking alive, because I'm a coward and an idiot.  Long story short, someone who I thought was my friend ratted me out to the cops and doctors, and I spent a week in the fucking crazy-house against my will "for my protection." That "protection" isn't covered by my insurance, and as such cost me over$12,000, leaving me with maybe $30 to my name in assets, and my student loan payments, my 1-year lease that I just signed, and my utilities (phone, electricity, Internet, etc.) all due today.  Oh, and no job and no chance of getting one because I just got fired for being crazy and spent a week locked up in a crazy-house.  I am bankrupt.  I have no job, I have no friends, I cannot trust the people I thought were my friends, and I have no money to pay off any of my debts.  My "friend" sure did a good deed by stopping me from killing myself, didn't he?  Look at how much BETTER my life is now that I got the "help" I so desperately needed!
I hate suicide hotlinesi must have called them dozens of times in my teens. they were always irritable, impatient, victim blaming people who talk over me and project their own view of "what you must mean" instead of actually listening. it's hard enough to open up to people, but they don't give a fuck about that. they aren't there to listen. i hadn't called one in years because they always had a checklist (are you suicidal - > do you have a plan - > where are you so i can call the cops on you and have them drag you to what isn't a jail cell i swear, it just acts exactly like one) and when they were done with it they'd kick me off the call. unless of course they're compelled to keep explaining to you how what you're problem is isn't what you've been trying to tell them, but just you "throwing a pity party" (direct quote from today). i understand that other people have it materially worse than me in a lot of ways. that doesn't change that i don't know how to deal with my life. that doesn't change the fact that i often want to die to escape from everything. but they don't give a shit. suicide hotlines aren't about mental health. they're about mitigating the number of working class ppl off themselves so the capitalists don't lose too much of their disposable workforce before they've wrung every penny out of them. but when you're desperate and scared, you'll reach out for anything, even a hand that's just there to drag you further down. /rant
..It’s been 4 months since you cheated on me.  4 months since we agreed to a divorce.  The first 2 months, I was willing to forgive you because I wanted you back.  I wanted the family back.  In our very few talks we’ve had since D-Day, you revealed some things that pushed you away from me such as my parenting style.  One specific thing you brought up was how I wouldn’t help out with the kids like when it came to their breakfast, lunch and dinner.  For awhile, I blamed myself.  I thought that I should’ve been a better husband and father.  I agonized and told you I had regrets.  Regrets that I should’ve and could’ve been better.  But I realized something through introspect and the support of my friends and family.  While I could’ve been better, I most certainly was not a bad parent or husband.  I definitely didn’t deserve to be cheated on.  While the first 2 months since D-Day were agonizing, these past 2 months have built up anger and resentment within me.  I now cannot wait until we sell the house where we raised your younger child and truly go our separate ways.  Yesterday, was the day I realized, I no longer love you.  I love the past you but not who you are now despite your words that you so easily throw around.
In both scenarios, or any scenario in which depression is an issue, we, (the ones with depression), are told our best course of action is to see a therapist. So we go to see the therapist, and we talk about our problems and try to get to the root of them, then are prescribed some sort of medication to help "even us out", then regularly see the therapist for "treatment". Talking out issues is definitely good and productive, but during sessions, the therapist is constantly talking to you about your problems and constantly digging into your deepest thoughts trying to find a way to fix what is broken. Herein lies the problem. By prescribing these medications, and undergoing grueling and personal therapy sessions, at some point we become convinced - some part of us deep down inside becomes convinced that we ARE broken, that we must always live with this darkness assaulting us from within, and that we can only manage it. We are told we have a "disease", which aside from the absurdity of it being called such, creates this mindset that depression is a sentence. It initiates in your mind what is called self fulfilling prophecy - which in short means, a kid's parents tells them they're worthless and will never amount to anything when they grow up, and tell them so so many times that eventually it becomes hardwired into their brain that they are worthless. Therapy in and of itself isn't a bad thing, it can produce positive results for some people, but by constantly focusing on our problems in therapy trying to find the answer to our depression, we are forced to constantly be thinking about those issues all the time, rather than really getting past it all and moving forward. People who are depressed become convinced that they will never really be happy, and others so much so that they don't even believe they deserve to be happy. It is heartbreaking, as all humans deserve to be happy, you just have to believe so. Being told therapy will help you combat your dark thoughts creates a paradox where you think that in order to feel good about yourself you have to pay some shrink money to tell you how to feel, which is an endless cycle that never really gets you anywhere.
I’ve also been struggling with a lot of financial and family issues. I recently changed my major to geology from accounting. My mom is an accountant and so is everyone else on her side of the family (4 out of the 7 kids in her family are accountants). My dad is an economics major. They don’t see any value in geology at all and so we’ve been arguing quite often about my future and my goals for life. This, however, isn’t the first time my family has feuded with me. I’m sort of the black sheep of the family. Anyway they just pulled out financial support for my schooling, they refuse to give me their SSN for my Federal student aid application, and since they pay for my health insurance and phone bill I’m declared a dependent and my university can’t override my FAFSA application. I tried to get a loan with my bank where I have my own independent account, but they said a co-signer is required for my loan. My parents refuse to sign it. I reached my breaking point earlier after an argument with my brother where he said his problems easily outweighed mine and I shouldn’t worry about going home (my brother and I go to the same university).
Co workers say you'll always care what happens to your EX. I disagree...It's almost a year and a half since I left.  Married for 17 years in a dead bedroom to a man who always put his mother and needs first.  We lived with his parents because he wouldn't have it any other way.  When our marriage was being challenged by his sister and mother's behavior, he never stepped in to correct.  There wasn't anymore "staying for the kids" after a certain point...did it hurt learning to walk away? Yes, but i did it and am happy and at peace and no longer feel alone!!  How amazing that can be for ones health!!  Which brings me to this:  co workers debate that "you'll always care about what happens to them because you were married to them".  I disagreed.  I have been taken for granted, left with nothing to my name even though I took care of him and paid his parents mortgage for 15 years...(he threated to take custody of the kids, take me for alimony..so many threats)..his mom manipulated my daughter..told her i cheated..i still pay for his medical while i wait for the divorce to go thru any day now...
I'm a sophomore in highschool taking all honors and AP classes. My time management has never been the best but I've managed to go through middle school with basically all A's. When sophomore year came along I didn't know how to handle all the work plus trying to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Eventually the semester exams rolled in and that was when it got really bad. I wouldn't sleep or eat for days, always staying in my room trying to cram in order to get my grades up to all A's. Kept this up for a little more than a month and passed the exams, but I was so unimaginably burnt out and had basically no energy left at all. We had winter break for a couple weeks and I hoped that this'll help get my energy back for the next semester. It's been months now and I still don't feel right. The way I got my work done before is obviously not the healthiest but at least I got it done. Now I'm always thinking about the things i need to finish but never actually doing them. Worst part is I don't even procrastinate by doing the things I considered fun, probably would just lie down and watch youtube or look at memes for hours, not really enjoying it but at least I can take my mind off of work for a bit. It makes me a little sad to know that the things I'm learning at school would be things I'd be interested in, but the deadlines and assignments kinda turned potentially fun topics I could be passionate about, into just another load of stuff I need to do. I never go out and hang out with friends anymore, when I do it's because I force myself, so days just consist of me alternating between "finishing work" and just mindlessly looking through stuff on reddit.
why can't I just die?Have been depressed for so many years. Had three tries on girls all of them are a failure.. worse, it made me look like a creep, a weirdo. I feel I got nobody to tell what I really feel and even if someone listens they'll just call me a whiny faggot who has little bitch syndrome. I got lots of friends but I don't know if I can call them friends. They just treat me like the lowest of low in the circle of friends. They just think I'm fine, laughing at their own bad jokes, accompanying them but I feel no happiness on it. My self-esteem got very low and my self-hatred just got worse I am even the most pessimistic person in my town. Everyday I always have this suicidal thoughts. Like never waking up, hanging inside my room. Jumping on a three story building. I really hate myself. I really do. I wish I just die and rot away. It got even worse on the third girl I was courting. Got even traumatized when I got friendzone again. My appearance is very messy, my room's messed up, and honestly when I look myself at the mirror I do look like a creep, a weirdo, a whiny loner. Please can someone motivate me to die? I'll just be forgotten when I die anyways.
I think i might do it.I dont post often and im doing this from my phone so sorry for any mistakes. I'll start at the beginning. When i was in middle school my family decided to adopt another kid. Thats how i met my brother Jay. My sister and i never really got along after the age of ten, so i was glad to have another sibling and a brother at that. Flash forward a couple months of screaming and fights mainly between my sister and him and child services decided to take him away. I stood on my driveway as i saw him look at me through the cars back window crying and breaking down. People told me it would get better. After that my sister who i already didnt get along with started getting worse and doing everything she could to get me in trouble. My father became more abusive. My mom was the only one there for me. Then she got cancer. And she got sicker and sicker. I was by her side when she died. My friends and family told me it would get better then too. Flash forward almost a year. Im dating this girl that i love. We shared our first anniversary together. Broke and in love. Two days later my sister lied and told my dad that i hit her while he was away on a trip. I wasnt even home at the time. I get told that im getting kicked out. Im homeless. My friend offers to let me stay with him until i get my feet on the ground. My girlfriend leaves me a week later. She says she still loves me and doesn't want to leave. But she needs time to herself. She doesn't know when she'll be back or if she will be. I dont have a reason to get up anymore. I have no family. No girlfriend. The only non abusive member of my family died from fucking cancer. I don't know why im here. I think about suicide daily. I get closer to it every day. A part of me doesn't want to die. But its getting smaller every day. Somebody please help me. I need help. Im so scared and alone and just...absolutely defeated.
I dont know what to doI'm still in High school, currently a senior. I think I've been depressed most of my time in high school.. and i miss a lot of school. I just hate HS so much, i have always been told senior year is easy and goes by fast but so far for me it has sucked just like the previous years. We learn so much useless stuff and i just feel stuck. I got accepted to the University I've been dreaming of going to but i don't think ill be able to afford to go.. idek if i want to go anymore. I love nature and being in the outdoors and where i live there's so few like minded people and such little nature it drives me nuts sometimes. I have a very minimal amount of friends and most of them live hours away. I honestly don't think i have a single person at my school, or even in my city and the surrounding ones that i can consider a real friend. It just makes this whole situation a lot harder. I thought i had a pretty good idea of who i was and what i wanted to be but i just don't know anymore. Part of me wants to just drop out and live in a van and travel. I just want to be happy.. or at least happy with who i am as a person, and my relationship with God but I'm starting to feel like i wont reach that point. I've done things this year that are not like who I've been most of my life, like drinking and smoking. I guess i just feel lost and don't know how to cope or what to do anymore. It seems like no matter what i do or who i talk to i always fall down again. I'm not entirely sure what i hope to accomplish by putting this on here.
ageism is annoyingit affects us all way too young. Even from your first moments of life, our childhood. Then our teens it really hits, we're expected to have our first kiss, date our first girl, go to a party, get in trouble, do this, do that, go here, all in your teens, and its like if you don't do it in your teens you can't ever do it again. oh now you're in your early 20s? Do you have a job, are you making bank, are you married? Oh you can't do that anymore you're old!!! What? I'm noticing ageism has been hitting me since like 13 and it's really quite annoying. I didn't really party in my teens, but I wanna go out in my mid 20s when I move, but people give me weird responses sometimes, what cuz I'm not 18? I'm moving states soon and really think my life is starting for me now. It' just makes me shake my head. And to people older than me, Idgaf what you wanna do. I don't care what age you are. I don't expect it to ease up as I get older but wow people really pinpoint ages for certain things. Really stupid, everyone's on such a different path that you don't even know about. rant over. comment if you'd like, please do!
I got there and he was standing at the doors to his apartment cause I had been on the phone with him most of the cab there. As soon as I seen his silhouette I froze. Evan looked like.. Darcy. I tried to shake it off as the car came to a stop and I get out and he runs over to me to gives me a big bear hug. Glad you made it! Ehehe Yeh... He looked exactly like him. I couldn't get over how similar they looked. obviously that night he expected things to happen and as we tried I stopped him while in tears. He knew about it. I ended up telling him weeks before on the phone. I cried telling him I can't cause he looked exactly like him. That this would never worked because he looked just like him, felt like him. I can't say I've ever contacted him after that night. But the next morning he walked me to the train station so I can go to a families. I didn't want to go back and kind of felt trapped that he was walking me to the train station. I boarded and got off the next stop which was known for their bars along that street. Yes, I was going to drink myself to death. At that point I didn't care what happened to me. I wanted to get drunk, I wanted to get high and I wanted to die. Called a friend I knew from high school that I knew lived in the city and could get me drugs so he meets up with me and we drink for a while til he confessed that he had no idea where to get drugs and that he only came cause I was offering drinks. Whatever. He ended up leaving after getting an angry phone call from his girlfriend.
Quite a lot has happened since I last posted here. I'll start by saying that I'm not actively looking for a quick/painless/easy way out anymore. Over a week ago I was out with friends when I blacked out again. Until that point I was just living life like I always would, and I was planning on doing that until I felt like I couldn't take it anymore. But now I blacked out, and my friends were there. Apparently I was shaking and coughing up blood and I basically scared the shit out of them.. I hadn't told about my situation yet. I woke up in the hospital only to hear that it's also spread to my lungs (hence the blood). So the 1,5 month I had has been cut in half. Weirdly enough that was the least of my worries as I had to explain what was happening to my friends. Doctor-patient confidentiality prevented them from learning about what was happening while I was out and they wanted to know. There was no point in lying anymore (I didn't actually lie before..I just didn't tell them..unless maybe when they asked me 'what's up' and I'd reply with 'nothing much').
I always dreamed of being a game programmerEver since I started playing video games when I was super young, I wanted to know what it was like to create a game. Throughout school, I was always looking to learn how to code. Back in grade 7 and 8 they started teaching coding in class which I was pretty excited to learn. They showed us Scratch, which was pretty simple but I guess it’s a good way to start learning. On Scratch, I consistently made games and even put a lot of time into them at home. I was really interested in it at that time. Now, I still try to find coding courses in high school, but it’s hard and I can’t seem to force myself to learn outside of school. I have a friend who does a lot of programming on his free time and I can’t even talk to him because I just envy him, for being able to do what I always dreamed of doing, but can’t force myself to. I get so depressed thinking about it because I keep thinking I should be learning and practicing like he does but I can’t stop myself from procrastinating and playing video games all day. The few times I’ve tried learning through a Unity & C# course on Udemy, I get bored and give up. I still want to be a programmer, but I can’t seem to put any effort into it. What do I do?
Now through this whole process, I have had to become more of an adult and partially parent my sister and make sure the family house remained in order and everything was taken care of (I have been doing all of this at a lower level for most of my life due to my parents travel). I have also become my mom’s rock, she calls me when she needs to vent, talk, cry, etc. I love my mom and am happy to do this while she needs it because I am eternally grateful for all of the support she has supplied me with over the years. BUT with my age and lack of experience I really struggle to figure out the best way to help her. She has found a group she is really loving, a new best friend who is also divorced, and has signed up for some classes (with said best friend) that she has always wanted to do but never did because my dad had no interest in them at all. She is increasingly becoming more open to showing her real self and I love it. So she is improving but still has bad days as she just never saw this coming. What advice would you give me to help he through this process?
Why did my ex pick his friend over me?At first my ex boyfriend's roommate/friend was alright then it seemed like when my ex and I argued, he would get in the middle of it. One night the roommate was very drunk with his friend and I was upset cause the friend was hitting on me and kissed me on my head. My ex boyfriend's roommate told him his friend never did that and that he didn't see it. The other guy said it didn't happen either when it did. I felt completely ganged up on and hurt that I was being made to look like a liar. Plus the first time the guy hit on me, my ex wasn't even mad and said I should take it "as a compliment", he didn't do anything about it. My ex didn't even stick up for me and said he doesn't take sides, even though it was clear that he did. I felt like the roommate had this sense of control over him and was trying to make him be who he wanted him to be. He was always trying to invite him to random parties or clubs even though my ex said no several times. I think he wanted my ex to get away from me. Apparently he didn't like my ex's previous two gfs either and he thought I was a drama queen. Not saying I'm perfect, but maybe you should stay out of it? 
So she’s getting married tomorrow (rant)So my ex (together 22, married 17) is getting married tomorrow.   She claims to this day that she didn’t cheat on me, but our divorce has only been official for 6 months and she first said we “need to spend some time apart” only 17 months ago.   I really don’t have any interest in her and I’m much happier now but it still leaves me angry to see her married and in a new family while I have just moved in to my own house a month ago and haven’t even tried dating yet.   The coldness of being able to move on so fast and the proof of how little she cared about me to be able to do this still really sucks.  I don’t really have anyone else to complain to about this and figured some or many of you might be able to relate.  I know a lot of you have it worse with kids or are in worse financial shape but just learning that you meant nothing to someone you spent half of your life with is really hard.
My family's been hounding me to get a "real job" now that I'm only a month from graduating, but I can't face them and tell them I have zero offers. My brother has been emotionally and physically abusive my entire life and has only ever told me repeatedly I should kill myself to take up less space in the world, that I'll never amount to anything. My parents shamed me for years about all my interests and career choice. Now I'll only be proving them all right. I met up with an uncle today that I've only seen maybe three times in my whole life and he started hammering in on me to delete all my Facebook posts because future employers will see, even though I set everything to private for only friends to view (I've purged my friend's list so many times and his name has never popped up, I"m assuming he's using his wife's account but I can't be assed to remember her name or why the fuck he goes through MY account so many times so I removed all family members). Well, I'm fucking sorry I don't want a job through fucking nepotism because I don't want to be attached or indebted this shit ass family ever. Sorry I have no fucking interests in the jobs YOU think are more lucrative but only make me feel shittier and shittier.
Once I fully moved out of my house, I put everything I own and wanted to take with me in a storage shed. November and December were hard months because of the holidays. I had never spent that much time away from my son. It was a tough time, but I made it through. I spend as much time as I can with my son, but he is a teenager and off doing teenagery things. He has adjusted rather well. I am proud of him for that. The remaining months up until now I have ventured into OLD. I wasn’t sure I was ready, I’m still not sure I am, but it helps to kill my extra free time and I have met some cool people. I did meet one that was extra cool, but he thought I wanted more than I did and freaked out. I wish we could have still been friends but I guess that’s not an option. I move into my new apartment next month and I am beyond excited. It’s been a rough and bumpy road to get to where I am. My friends and family say they are amazed by how well I have handled everything, and honestly, so am I. I’m proud that I didn’t explode or implode, even if I wanted to. I could have said so many hurtful things, but I choose not to. I’m not sure where my next chapter in life is going to take me, but I am excited to see what it is.
Messed up at work and don't know how to tell my bossI was working on a software at work that requires us to put in comments whenever we change/save anything to keep an audit trail. A couple of weeks ago when I was writing in a comment, the software froze and I didn't notice and continued to type a couple of letters before I realized and stopped. When the software finally unfroze, it typed in some of the letters that I was typing when it was frozen (not all of the letters so what was written doesn't make any sense) and saved the comment and changes  on its own. I'm guessing, I must have pressed the Enter key as well while it was frozen.  When this happened, no one was around, it was the end of the work day and everyone had already left for the day.  I went home really stressed and did not bring it up to my supervisor the next day. I had made a mistake a couple of weeks before that and on top of this I just did not want to get in trouble.  I just wanted to avoid thinking about it. My mental health had been shit those few weeks due to the mistakes I've made at work and other stuff in my personal life.  I'm  new to the job and on top of the mistake from a couple of weeks ago, I just didn't want my supervisor to regret hiring me and my anxiety/stress levels are high as it is and I didn't want it to get any worse. I got really busy at work after that and I didn't get a chance to tell my supervisor.
My suicide note. I think I’ll be going tonight.I have come to the realization that I as a human am unproductive. A waste of space. A drain on society and those around me. I can’t keep a job, I am fat, I am moody, I am rude, I am distant and cold, and crazy. I didn’t ever really plan to go like this, but I have struggled to much and everyone else around me struggles constantly and I just can’t watch everything around me fall apart, I can’t watch me fall apart again and I’m not strong enough to pick up the pieces this time. I see no worth in living this life. I try to remind myself of all the people who love me and all the wonderful things I have. Yet somehow that just comes back to me realizing I am consistently failing those people. The voices in my head that naw at me everyday I had managed to keep at bay, but not today. They are relentless in their attempts to bombard me with truths I’ve come accustomed to. You’re worthless they say, you’re fat and disgusting they say, you’re wasting your life, your ugly, your stupid, you’ll never make it, everyone thinks your awkward, or ugly, or weird or stupid. Your nothing. Kill yourself they say, down the pills, all of them, and go to sleep they say. You’re a nightmare no one else will wake up from unless you go to sleep they say. Worthless worthless worthless they scream! It is constant and consistent and after a while when you’re mind is telling you something you sorta have to believe it, it becomes reality and it is my reality. My reality is that I am fat, I am poor, I am sick, I am worthless. I fail at everything I try. I have no dreams, ambition, or goals. I am so sick all the time. My body hurts, my brain hurts, my heart hurts. I’ve been nothing for a long while and now I can stop wasting peoples time and space and energy. I know this is going to affect a few people. Some family, some friends, my love, my animals. However if I didn’t truly  believe all of your lives would be better without me I wouldn’t be doing this. I promise all of you your life will be better. You may be sad, or angry at first, but soon you’ll be better. You won’t have a needy, crazy, lazy, human in your life. I won’t be there to bring you down, to worry about .
My life is a massive shitholeI am ugly and stupid, my parents have died and now I started to flunk all of my classes. I am a massive failure, I cannot even keep  the one promise I gave to myself; to give all the pain I went through meaning by working hard and living the life that I always dreamed of. I don't want to go in to detail, but I am fucking stupid as I have mentioned, the few people that I love left me, the girl that I loved turns out to never have loved me back and everything I touch and every aspect of my life that I try to improve seems to immediately deteriorate and fall into pieces. On top of that and I know how toxic and despicable  that is, i constantly envy other people. I envy and despise all the lucky people who never experienced real tragedy in their lives, I hate all the people who are born beautiful and smart. I hate them because some people get everything one could possibly dream of and why? Just because they were lucky, maybe just because there is some kind of arbitrary metaphysical law that determines whether some random people are going to grow up in wealthy happy family or in a shithole. I won't give up, I cannot not, If I would I would hate myself even more and still this is too much pain to bear. When will the pain stop, how long do I have to experience one failure after another. I do not believe in God, I do not believe in good, I do not believe in morality, I do not believe in love, I don't think there is a universal purpose in life, I don't know what is going to keep me going.
Question about housing azMy stbx lives in the house we got together. We have 2 kids together (4y and 2 m). It’s always been his responsibility to pay the mortgage and i paid the house bills bc he made more than me and I couldn’t afford the house on my own. Currently I don’t live there, my kids and I live with my parents bc I don’t make enough money to cover my bills and rent or a mortgage. I have a lawyer and in my petition I asked that he buy me out of our house (there’s hardly any equity bc we’ve owned it for a year) and refinance without me within a year. After reading some of the posts on here I’m wondering if I have other options. We were only married 4 years before he cheated and left me while I was pregnant but technically I’m “homeless” bc I don’t have/can’t afford my own place bc he was the “bread winner”. I haven’t received any child support from him during this process (6 months now almost 7). What are my options with the house? Can I have him pay the mortgage and live there myself with our kids? Is it worth fighting for? He moved his gf into the home a month and a half after we separated and she’s taken it upon herself to make it her own. Just looking for advice from personal experiences. Thanks
Usually I’m sad, now I’m just angry.I’ve spent years contemplating this night, how I’d do it, when and where. Never thought I’d end up like this though. I’ve finally pushed everyone away, made every last person in my life hate me and toss me aside. I’ve had a general dislike of people for years but now that I’ve been isolated a while I simply can’t stand them. To hear opinions and stories and have to feign interest in everything they say. It’s exhausting. Couple that with the fact my life is going nowhere and my lack of interest in doing anything, it’s slowly made life intolerable. My only savior my entire life has been drugs. One plant has provided me more entertainment and pleasure than all of humanity combined. Unfortunately my supply has come to an end and as I don’t wish to live another moment of sober agony, I’ll finish myself off when I finish my stash off. If you know me, fuck you. And for those that’ll act heartbroken just knock the shit off and throw me in a hole. You didn’t care enough when I was alive so don’t start now. I’m Glad I got the chance to burn out rather than fade away. It really is better this way.✌🏻
Will it get better?I don't know how to really put my feelings into words. My life seems to just be failing apart slowly and I'm practically in free fall. I've been unemployed since January because I was singled out and alienated at my job so I lost motivation, ruining my probation. I live with my partner's family, all successful people. I can't get a job not for a lack of trying, I've had interview after interview but just falling short of the competition. My fiancée's potentially got BPD, And last night she attacked me with the intent to harm me. I know it sounds weird that I as a male got assaulted, She didn't hurt me but she tried too. I don't know what to do. I can't live with anyone else, I haven't got a job to support myself. I feel finished, My motivation has died and I'm lost. I don't know what I'm doing, Feeling like I just get on a train and leave this life behind because I feel I have nothing. I wouldn't appear sad and disappointed and angry because I'm pretty optimistic about everything. Well I was/try to be. I think I just need someone to tell me it's okay? To just say there will be something good to happen. I feel like this can't be my life, just disappointment after disappointment like I'm cursed to have everything crumble. Maybe it is me. I don't know if it will be okay.
Now, I can't help but think I need to mentally prepare to be an old spinster, cat lady.  I am about 99% independent, though.  I drive to my full time job everyday, I take my dog for a stroll, I can cook for myself, I get around in most places in public just fine as long as there aren't stairs with no elevator.  The only thing I usually need help with are household tasks I cannot do myself (laundry - because it's in the basement, taking the garbage cans to the curb, carrying lots of stuff, mowing the lawn...)   BUT, the fact of the matter is, I am severely disabled.  I'm in a wheelchair for fuck's sake.  I have a colostomy bag, I occasionally piss myself  (don't know when I have to go, it's all just by time.) and I cannot feel my lady bits whatsoever (still enjoy sex, though.  It's just different.) Who is going to want me, let alone love me?  Other than the devotee fetishists (which I never plan to cater to) I feel no one is going to want me like this.  I'm a pretty cool chick, professional video game artist, pretty low maintenance, type B, etc.  I have a lot to offer, but is someone really ever going to see me, and not my chair?
Being bullied via income and power disparityI’m having a hard time. A really hard time. I don’t know how I will afford the next down payment with my attorney to continue the fight I don’t want to have with my ex. He has never ending supply of money for attorney fees, attorney friends, and the advantage of keeping our child in his home while I was the one to move out under the agreement that we would have an uncontested parenting plan of 50/50. Of of that was retracted once I moved out, and he is literally trying to drain me with having me deposed, requiring a multiple day mediation which is with a neutral partied attorney, and at the same time is constantly in my ear reminding me he has possession of the family home and I’m “unfit”. I’m so tired of being bullied and intimidated....this is why I left our toxic relationship to begin with. I’m afraid, anxious, and depressed. How can I beat someone who is so skilled in manipulation and has endless money to fund it??
I feel useless in life.I’m back. I’m pretty surprised that I haven’t killed my self yet(So for a little snippet of information, I have bipolar depression, anxiety, and when I am depressed, it’s extreme and I get mad really easily.). I’ve been feeling more useless than ever recently, and I know why exactly. I’ve been hanging around a bunch of people that have a bunch of cool talents, and I can’t do anything like it. I can’t draw, sing, write stories, I’m not a good athlete, and I don’t have good people skills. I got a girlfriend recently, and she’s kept me going, but even she has talents that I don’t, and it makes me feel really shitty knowing that I’m not contributing anything to the world. I’m almost 14 and been feeling like this for about 4 years now, when I started paying attention to the little details, because my friend said that t would make life better, when in reality, things took a turn for the worst. I need help. Somethings just put me down, and it’s usually when I’m alone, but sometimes when I’m with people, I start thinking about ways to kill myself then and there.
Today was suppose to be the dayI had made up my mind that today was going to be the end. I’m tired of my useless, complicated, and negative life. I’ve never really idealized killing myself until I became a certain age. My life has always seemed doomed and I honestly didn’t plan for a future that I thought would be nonexistent. After certain events happening made me self aware or woke to issues that I had and led to a build up of anxiety due to the fact that I maybe had these issues for a lifetime and now realizing it. That is extremely terrifying and depressing. I guess it’s the same feeling fish have when they realize the fish tank isn’t Kansas. Lol honestly idk if that’s funny but somehow it’s funny to me. Anyways I wanted to end my life because I see no means to an end. I’m a 23 F with no friends, serious trust issues, no job, money, car, and back living in what I think is a toxic situation. The sad part is knowing what can help the situation but having every obstacle in my path not allowing the solutions to pass. I was going to jump from an overpass but didn’t because I got this sudden urge to live. I came “home” feeling a little better but got instantly depressed again because I’m back to my loser non-productive “life”. My mother sat down with me to reassure me of things like I’m not a burden and we’re going to figure things out together but like I said I believe I’m in a toxic environment and just feel like what she was saying is lies. Btw she is a great gas-lighter. I never felt like she was genuine. So know this leads me to my current feeling of regretting that I didn’t do it. Why can’t I just end my suffering 🤦🏾‍♀️
Trying to become a normal person is so hard when you attempt to connect through memories and slowly realize that nearly all of your memories are negative. You realize practically your entire history of human interaction is saddening or has been burdened with the later realization that any kindness received was in fact insincere. The action of recalling these memories  furthur exasperates your realized loneliness as a child and makes it difficult to establish healthy relationships in the present. What can I offer to any conversation without bringing down the mood? I’ve already pigeonholed myself into being the troubled one. And I am. I am troubled and I can’t recover because people don’t care about me. People don’t sincerely care about me. Even now I consistently learn of the insincerity people have in their actions. It is always so clear in hindsight. I’ve left so many people, and I have trouble trusting new ones. I haven’t left the forest, the forest grew toward me and I can’t escape the shade. I can’t tell if these are people around me or new monsters in the forest.
          Come on Asuna, let's go, I quickly headed out, checked behind my and saw a black blur on the side of my vision. Good, Asuna was there. I locked the three locks on the door and proceeded to my office. I sat down, sighed a heavy breath, and began working. After finishing my assignment I asked Asuna if she wanted to eat lunch. No reply.. I turned around, expecting, HOPING to see her sleeping behind me. No luck. I dug through my memory, I saw her, I saw the blur behind me. Only.. that blur was my co-worker's daughter Lucy. I ran through the hallway, surprised faces looked at me like I was the insane one in this asylum. I unlocked the three locks on Harry's room and entered. I saw my daughter. Eyes open, mouth closed, and throat..slit...Harry sat there amused with a blood covered knife in his hand. The padded walls..were stained fucking red, with my daughter's own BLOOD. I turned around and sprinted outside. Cracked open a glass container on the wall with the hammer. It read: "For emergencies only". This WAS a fucking emergency. This was fucking hell in real life. I grabbed the Glock 19 and bolted inside the room. Harry hadn't even budged. I looked at my daughter, then Harry, and then back at my daughter. Her lifeless corpse was staring forward blankly. I cocked the gun, and aimed. I saw my company's security guards and office workers run over to the room. They told me to drop the gun. Like hell I would! My fucking daughter was slaughtered in cold blood. No I won't drop the god forsaken gun. Nine flashes, nine holes. Nine bullets wasn't even beginning to punish him for his sins. I was tackled by 5 people, my lungs were squeezed, not from the people, but from my shock, surprise, depression, and any other emotion you can imagine. The room's snow white padded walls were now soaked red. With My daughter's blood. And there next to her, was Harry, bullet holes all over him, with one right between the eyes, slumped in his wooden chair, his lifeless eyes staring straight forward. But what chilled me to the fucking bone, was that my daughter, Asuna, was staring, right into Harry's bloodshot, murderous eyes.
Eventually I flew back to my home town but the drinking continued, I went to the liquor store so much you think the cashier would be worried about me. Even with the high dose sleeping medication my neuropsych doctor has me on, I chug liquor nightly. At first I would drain what money the insurance gave me to survive on at the bars, but so many people kept asking about my facial burn scars that now I just drink alone in my apartment. I dont reach out to the friends I have here because I cant get through telling anyone what happened to me without breaking down, all these months later. Even now writing this I've just woken up from a couple hours of sleep, drinking a fifth the night before and I'm fucking crying my eyes out. I know I'm coming up on the end of my workers compensation but I dont know what I'm going to do. I may have healed physically but I cant even attempt anything that resembled my previous line of work without having flashbacks or panic attacks. I feel like I've burned most of my old friends because when they call or text, I ignore it. Most of them have given up.
I’m doneSo I’m a 15 year old and I’m quite done. I’ve tried 2 times before and it didn’t work. I’m thinking about trying again. I have no freinds. I have no will to live. Every school I go to the kids just bully me. I’m home schooled now and only leave the house once every 2 weeks. I think the only thing that has stopped me from trying again is the fact that im afraid of what happens after we die. But the past few days I haven’t really been afraid I’ve felt sad but also at peace because I’m not afraid to die anymore. I feel so trapped. I feel like I’m melting. I just can’t anymore. I don’t want to hurt my family but they don’t know what it’s like to be me. I have been hospitalized 22 times and each time it does not work. I come home worse than before doped up on new pills. I don’t want my mom to find me dead but I don’t want to live any more. I can’t do it anymore. If I do it I hope she understands why.(sorry for my rant but I’m just done)
i feel like an anomalyim just having a pretty bad/strange evening, wanted to vent out my feelings. nothing wrong has happened today but I feel pretty awful. i have a complicated family that argues a lot, disputes etc. and i know that, if i wasn't born, everyone would probably be better. financially and mentally. i don't cause the issues directly but if I wasn't alive, my mother and my father would have an easier divorce(don't worry, I was young and didn't know a thing)  and my siblings, from a different father,would also be better off. i don't want to explain it fully but, I just feel like a cursed child. regardless if I work hard or not, things don't really swing my way much but I keep on going anyways. i see people getting support when they're going through a bad time i can't ever really do that myself, because ill consider it fishing for attention. though it's understandable when other people do it. everyone will eventually find some form of happiness, a shoulder to cry on or something but I feel undeserving, I feel like the villain of my own story. my mental health has really improved, my mood swings are less severe and I'm a lot less suicidal but nobody's prone to a bad day right. in all honesty, i want a hug but I don't like to admit that. i hate myself deeply for craving affection. i want to be cold and ruthless, I'm already lonely and lacking a social life, why can't I just use it to my advantage and be successful? because I suck, plain and simple. my mom used to say 'it doesn't make sense to send you to school and feed you to come second' and now, she's indifferent about when I told her I probably won't pass an exam. i don't get it. i wish I had my own room and bed, mostly everyone does. my mother takes her anger out on me and that really upset me, she argues with my sister a lot and yknow her anger spreads back to me. I'm not allowed to go out, or by friends. MY over 20 year old sister went to a wedding and she got shit for it because my mom had a 'dream that something bad was going to happen' nothing did, plus my mom always does this planetary astrology stuff. last year july I was supposed to get a laptop ($4000 in my currency) to do a CAD course in school but it's always either we don't have the money or it's some retrograde and it affects technology. i use the school laptop but I rarely ask for anything.I don't get it. I don't own a console and use a 8 year old family PC with a AMD Radeon HD 4200 integrated graphics card, i want to play new games too, like everyone. i started saving money to buy it and my mom got mad bc I was eating less snacks. "the money is there, stop doing that to yourself" and "this kind of limited mindset won't get you anywhere" she handed me the money during mars retrograde and she said next month we'll buy it, but this money is safe, fast forwards to end of last month, were broke, my 4000 gone. she spent 1200 on her hair this month. I don't get it. I'm tired. I don't want to exist.
What do I do for my kidsOk so my husband (40) and me f(26) have been married for 4 years. We have two kids together both girls 4 and almost 2. And then he has a 9 year old girl from previous marriage.  His ex has a restraining order and we have never had a good relationship. Through our entire relationship my husband has always been very hotheaded and I feel like I never know what I might say that would set him off. Also every 6 months to a year since I have been with him he goes off on major manic episodes. I have stuck by his side and made excuses for so long hoping for things to get better bet they haven’t.  About 2-3 months ago he started acting super irrational/ disappearing.  Definitely as I would look at it as a major manic episode building up. February 25th I saw him for a few moments in the morning before bringing our girls to daycare and going to work. He was supposed to pick the girls up from daycare and take our 4 year old to gymnastics which never happened. The next day I met with my attorney(I had already been ready to file for divorce) and explained how he never came home. So I then ended filing a report with the police and sheriff as no one had heard from him. So then the following day I got a call from him from the behavioral health unit of a local hospital where he committed himself. I asked him when he would be out and he told me he could leave whenever he wanted and how he thought he was doing really good. Well the next day I was at work and he checked himself out and tried to pick up our kids from daycare without contacting me at all. Luckily my daycare had been informed and called me immediately. I then got a protective order on me and both of our children. I then reached out to his ex wife who told me on the 25th he showed up to her house with no shoes or coat acting pretty crazy. Sat outside of her house blinking his lights before finally pulling up. He told her me and his mom were evil and that he threw his cell out the window. He also lost our dog somewhere and doesn’t know where or when. She was the one who brought him to the hospital. So after checking himself out he stayed with his dad for a week or 2 before showing up to his moms house at 6 am who lives hours away. She then brought him to another hospital where he committed himself and stayed for a week. He told the drs there this is the only time this has happened(the manic episode) which is completely false and then they caulked it up to the steroid shot he had a few months before. Honestly I feel like my brain is so fucked over all of this. He is so good at manipulating his way through everything and I feel like he takes 0 responsibility for any of his actions. I get mental health is probably a big factor for him but I do not foresee him taking that seriously at all.  So for the protective order we were supposed to have a hearing on Monday which his attorney has now continued until the end of the month-so that’s over 2 months at that point since he has seen then girls. He has made 0 effort to see or talk to them. With the order he can have supervised visitation. And now tonight his mom is asking if he can bring them down to stay the weekend next weekend. Honestly I just need advice and opinions. I feel like I hardly know what to think of this and my girls are finally starting to get back to normal. I also worry if something were to happen to them.
FuckFuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. That's what's going through my mind right now. I'm so fucked. I'm probably going to break down in the upcoming weeks. I've been fucked up mentally for a long time. But alongside that, I'm struggling with money right now too. I'm trying to practise for the upcoming exams right now, but I'm constantly being distracted by money issues. I know I could ask my parents for help, but I don't want to receive help. I kept spending money on food, to distract myself from my demons but fuck thats working against me now. Im €300 in debt with my parents, I have to pay that by the end of July, which is doable. However, I just received a request to pay €130 to someone. I could afford that, but I need access to a small locker I have, to which I lost the key. That key was attached to the key to my home (still live with my parents) and my personal locker in school. If I can't find it I'll probably have to pay for replacement of the locks in our house. I have to wait another 10-20 days before I get paid by my job (I don't know how much, prob like €250). Fuck fuck fuck. I can't concentrate on my exams like this. It's not even that big of an issue, but I don't want to owe people money. And I'm just going to get more expenses in the upcoming few days.
Seeking help/advice on 4 year divorce processSo my sister has been trying to get divorced for almost 4 years now. She has three kids (2 boys 12 and 11 and a girl 5). She has been going through countless trials only to be pushed back because more "evidence" has been presented by her husband that needs investigation. It seems that any bad thing will be used as ammo by her husband and that he is doing everything he can to keep this divorce process going, exhaust all resources that my sister has. There is a guardian ad litem that has made a full report and insists in her report that my sister is a model parent and is in complete favor of my sister gaining full custody. However my sister's husband still seems to be able to prolong the process by whatever means he deems necessary. He as a parent has proven to use the kids in manipulative ways and that he does not care how his actions effect his kids mental health and well being long term. Please help if you can, my sister is out of resources and doesn't know what to do.
You might think that having procreated like rabbits, my wife and I have had a wonderful sex life. That would be very inaccurate. It has been an extreme struggle for me the entire time. I'm high libido. My wife is not. I used to be quite passive aggressive about it, which is a horrible thing, but it has allowed me to have some proof,too. For instance, literally a year into our marriage I was sharing with her articles over email about sex in marriage and how hurtful it is to withhold, etc. Reading the email now it was so passive aggressively sophomoric. It wasn't mean, I joked about it. But I was trying to figure out ways to get her to understand my sexual intimacy needs. On top of this, it wasn't just about sex - but foreplay, oral (receiving AND giving ... she hates cunnilingus and blowjobs are a chore). Any sex we had was vanilla. So sex hasn't always been an issue, and I regret to say that it's likely the only reason she ever agreed to sex with me was because she was more likely uninhibited through alcohol when she was younger and because she wanted to have children.
I feel like I'm living in my head 99% of the time. I catch myself forming conversations in my head between me and other people. It's pretty obvious because my lips move and I tend to smile when this happens. (A couple of my friends have pointed this out) Sometimes, the conversations are just between me and myself. I feel very numb during this whole process. The topic of these "conversations" revolve around feeling worthless in every aspect. It feels like life is against me. I'm average in every way (looks, intelligence, skills). I feel like I will never amount to anything. I just do things to get them over with, just so that I can continue to keep to myself and get stuck in my head like this. I don't have pride in any non-school/school project or assignment I do. Even things that should be enjoyable, like going out with friends doesn't really do anything for me. It feels as if nothing brings me joy, except numbing myself out from everyone else.
totally confusedhow can this be....51 year old male,great shape...healthy... married 23 years together with my ex wife  27 years...yes we had lots of ups and downs but its marriage...we have 4 kids spread apart in age almost equally over the span of our marriage, we shared the same interests, we were practically the toast of the town...other couples were by their own admission jealous of us...nice house, exotic cars, couple pets and took romantic vacations together..intimacy was in a category of its own, it was all the time..the last two kids she really had to pry out of me, she went as far as threatening divorce and finding someone who would give her more kids...secretly, the reason i didnt want more then is because i thought she was capable of leaving when i got older....SURPRISE...at some point my ex wife discovered smirnoff, i know this because i started finding bottles around the house in hidden areas..when i would confront her she would verbally abuse me, she became impossible in the end but i still tried to take it with the confidence that she would get over what ever personal crisis she was battling and realize how important our family was..well she didnt...now i spend time wishing i didnt exsist anymore...i spend time thinking HOW/WHY, Does she even think about me anymore...its been a year and my heart still feels constricted in the inner walls of my chest....through out our marriage she would remind me periodically that she could of done better and i would except that because i loved her dearly, i came from rough up bringing but considering the way i turned out both financially and morally one might beg to differ with her claims of doing better....anyway, through all this torment i still love her dearly and wish that she was the first site i seen every morning....is anyone listening
All of this came to a head last night when I won a contest at the gym we signed up for, for the most weight loss in 60 days.  I was very proud of myself.  When she got home from work I told her I won and it was dismissed as, "Well, those places are just there to make money, you probably just won because you went the most days, not for numbers of weight loss so they can get you to sign up for more things."  I was hurt.  A simple "Great job honey" would have been nice.  Instead it turned into opening up the whole can or worms and saying all the stuff above.  It all came out.  I told her if she wants to continue to do nothing about her back and try to improve her situation by actually doing something other than popping meds and sleeping all the time that I'm going to move out.  I'm done.  We talked more and at the end of the conversation she tells me she just resents the gym because I "was an asshole" and wanted her to do things at the gym that hurt her back.  That's so far from the truth, as a matter of fact I told her if the trainer is giving you an exercise that DOES hurt your back, don't do it!  Tell the trainer and she can work with you to give you things to strengthen your core and eventually releive this back pain you're having.  The trainer told me the other day she has worked with many clients who have been worse off than my wife and she has been able to bring them such a better quality of life.  I want that for her, for us and obviously as a side affect of that, she loses the weight and is active, fun and attractive again.
Things will get betterI was 22 in 2009. I had a job and lived with a roommate. I was a pedestrian hit by a drunk driver. Fractured leg, broken fingers, nine fractured ribs collapsed lung, road rash, blunt force trauma, lacerations running the length of my forearm and I almost bit my tongue off. Nerve damage in my neck. At hospital I was not allowed to drink any water for three days.Thirst and pain can make you crazy. After I was released from hospital I was bedridden for a few weeks. It hurt to breathe. I could not eat solids because of my tongue. I couldn't flex my bicep from nerve damage. After months of rehab I could move my fingers but I had trouble moving arm, it had atrophied so badly the doctors were going to take nerves from my leg and transplant them in my neck. Thankfully the nerve healed itself. After a year and a half of recovery I was almost back to normal. Went back to school and was working part time. Near the end of my third semester I had been having trouble with my shoulder arm again. After letting the doctor know and being told it was just an angry muscle stretch more; a day before my bday I had an awful spasm. It looked like there was a grapefruit under my skin next to my shoulder blade. A barrage of tests and a biopsy revealed that I had devoloped a Desmoid tumour also known as an aggressive fibromitosis in between my ribs and shoulder blade resulting from trauma in the accident. So I had to leave school and my job to receive radiation therapy which slowed the growth. Surgery was not an option because I would lose function of my arm. My girlfriend left me. I had to move back in with relatives. Now the more I use my arm the more pain I'm in. I have now been unemployed for almost four years. Im 29 chronic pain, ed (tumour shrinking meds), have anxiety attacks, paranoid about not having water with me, broke, debt ridden and depressed.
5 year old gives me pauseMy wife and I have had 2 more discussions since I dropped the D word--fairly civil actually.    Evidently, my 5 year old son must have overheard one of them.  I took him to the park this weekend and he said "are you and mom going to do that thing your friend and his wife did" (my best friend was recently divorced due to his spouse cheating).  I said "why would you think that." He said: "Because you and mom argue all the time and are always mad at each other."  He says:  "You guys need to talk things out like you tell me to do with my sister."  I said:  "You are right son, people should try and talk out their problems rather than yelling or fighting...mommy and daddy haven't been good at that lately."    We then play some more and out of the blue he says:  "Dad, I don't want you to leave.  You always say you have to finish what you start, no matter how hard it is."  And then, he throws one of my "dadisms" back at me.  "You buy the ticket, you ride the train, right dad"?
*edit: aw, guys. this has really blown up in just over 24 hours. I'm so glad none of us are alone and it's truly comforting to hear your stories and points of view. I have a very hard time deciphering my emotions and figuring out what i actually feel and what i think i'm feeling. it makes it very hard for me to trust myself that i actually have a problem, a chemical imbalance, rather than a bad few weeks. many of you explained how i feel better than i ever would have been able to. i kind of wrote this as a rant because i've been frustrated with my "support system" blowing me off as just in a bad mood most of the time because i'm highly functioning. i go to work, i run errands, i see friends, but then i just come home and crash in bed with my clothes still on for hours and hours until i have to force myself to get up and shower and go to sleep. "you just need to sleep more," or "try to relax," or my personal favorite, "have you tried meditating or yoga?" HA. we've all been there.
Idk anymoreI never thought I'd be this desperate and lonely but here I am...on Reddit writing to god knows who about my life. I'm tired of crying in my room and disappearing into Netflix like I wasn't considering suicide minutes before. It's not normal. I'm 22 years old and I've been depressed since before I knew there was a word for it. I'm so hurt but numb at the same time lol. Some days I have a reason and some days there is no reason. There are good days but it's like there's always a cloud over me and when I'm having fun, I start to get anxious waiting for something bad to happen or remember how crap my life is. I just can't live like this anymore. Went through some things a couple years ago that gave me really bad anxiety and I get these awful panic attacks all the time. I've had years to think about it and it doesn't make sense to live like this. I don't have the energy or strength to keep trying. My life is going to shit(won't even know where to begin explaining) and I've been trying but I'm exhausted. I'm supposed to start school soon after putting it off for so long, continue working and find a new place to live and I'm stressed beyond belief. I know a lot of people do it but maybe in another life if I was in better mental and physical health I could but I can't. I'm hanging on by a thread and I'm desperate to find reasons to keep trying but I can't. In the past I used to tell myself I'm going to kill myself but I knew I never would. I've come closer to doing it this year than I ever have before. All I do is smile and pretend around people but I'm actually suffering really badly. Like I really can't believe my life is this hard lol. It's not funny but I find it funny because it's unbelievable lol. I'm not even sure if I want to be dead but I just know I don't want to live like this. This world feels hopeless and everywhere you turn you see it. At this point my mental and physical health feels irreversible and I can't live like this and I don't feel like I should. Tbh I'm going to go to work tomorrow and pretend like I never even wrote this post. I just have this feeling inside that I'm going to eventually crack really soon. I don't have anyone to talk to this about so idk I'm here
I may be a 6’3, athletically built 200 lb., 27-year old law student, often complimented for good looks, good personality, big heart, the works. Tattoos, beard, the scar of a closed tongue piercing, the “I give maybe ½ a fuck on a good day” attire, laid back nature, witty sarcasm, all of that is a mask. Sure, it’s a true representation of me for the most part, but the toughness of the outer shell doesn’t match the much softer, gentler, and somewhat bruised soul residing inside. It hides the inner misery of lonely nights, feelings of inadequacy, and the absence of someone to share things with. It hides the fact that, in spite of the offers of one-night stands I receive from time to time and turn down, I do so because of a propensity to wind up feeling attached or seeking a more meaningful relationship. And it hides the fact that I usually get told I care too much. I rarely display my emotions to friends. Tears are a definite no-no. This is because I have found that, in spite of what may be a caring message, the not-so-subtle ridicule makes me feel as though feelings are a negative thing. And I think this is a problem that faces many men in today’s society.
G is for Gossip.  You can't stop 'em, people are going to talk.  And guess what, no matter what you do or don't say, everyone will have their own idea of what "went wrong" or who is to "blame" in your divorce.  Listen closely: you cannot control the gossip, please release any idea that you need to.  Any attempts will only throw gas on the forest fire.  The only people who will really understand the situation are you and your ex; efforts try and relay an entire relationship and marriage worth of experiences will be futile.  Relax, let them gossip, don't give them any additional fuel.  Rise above and know that what people say has no effect on the actual truth and you are under no obligation to react or respond to idle gossip of the masses.  The silver lining of gossip is you know who you should and shouldn't confide in for the future.  People tend to be self-sorting that way.  Save your energy to deal with things you can actually control.
"Killing yourself is SELFISH"You might've heard this when mentioning suicide to somebody, or talking about it. Maybe you even said it to someone else if you're not suicidal. I'll make this clear, IT'S FUCKING RUDE! Seriously, what is insulting a suicidal person gonna do? I'll tell you what it won't do, it won't pull them away from the edge. I had a friend who was at the bottom point, where they could hardly do anything, and they spent 2 months in a hospital due to brain damage from asphyxiation, and even longer in a different hospital while they took medicine and rehabilitation courses. I asked them years later what pushed them too far during a conversation about it, and they said "I kept hearing how selfish I was being, and I hated it and it just made me want to do it more and more. I only pulled back when they stopped saying that, (a doctor) told my family to stop saying it because it was untrue, and I felt a relief knowing he knew better than they did, and he knew it wasn't selfishness to me..." He went on for a while. I wish I took more of it to heart though, maybe I wouldn't feel so bad.
The past year has put me in a hole so deep I can’t see the top, but I never stopped trying to get out.I am 22 years old, and my life has just been spiraling out of control over the past year. I’ve struggled with depression as early as 6th grade. I never really fit in to any certain group of friends, so I just kind of kept to myself. My parents split when I was 7th grade, and that didn’t help anything. My mom moved away to another state which really hit me hard. As the years went on I found what I thought was my first real experience with love, and boy was I wrong. Long story short with this one; I was cheated on the told I wasn’t good enough anymore. All on my 18th birthday by the way. That incident started my true downward spiral into depression. A year or so later I met this girl, and she was absolutely perfect. I remember the first time I actually met her. We had made plans to go out on a date, and she pulled up to my house. I opened my door to find her already walking up my front steps. The moment we looked each other in the eye, face to face, my heart stopped. This was the girl I saw myself with for the rest of my life, and I thought that for the longest time. We did everything together, and she was a first in a lot of things for me. It was all great in my life at that point, until a year a ago. Conversations grew smaller and smaller, and dates became few to none. It was just a week shy of our 3rd year together since we started dating when she told me she needed a break. A 6 month break at that. I didn’t know what to do or how to react. I had done everything right with her. No out of control arguments or yelling, or even anything to really get in her nerves. This was all out of the blue. I tried my hardest to talk her out of it for days, but she wasn’t having it. She was already set on leaving me. I know this because she sold the promise ring I got her 2 years ago. At that point I just couldn’t take it. All her friends had taken her side and everyone had pinned me as the bad guy. Not even a week after that I started having violent anxiety attacks at work. I would start to feel light headed and go to the bathroom and end up crying until I couldn’t even speak anymore. My body would lock up and I couldn’t move. They had they had to break the door down just to get to me. This happened at least 4 times in the course of 3 or 4 weeks. After all that I decided it was best if I left my job so they could hire a more capable worker. They were super patient and understanding of it all and worked with me through it. I just felt bad because I couldn’t show up to work and when I did I would freak out and not want to do anything.
I miss my brother soI don't expect anyone to comment on this thread, but am posting this for my own sanity and healing, hopefully.  My older brother just moved to Seattle from California for a new job, and although I am very excited for him, I am devastated from this.  I wish there was a stronger word for inseparable, because that's exactly what we are.  He drove 8 hours through the night to pick me up from college when I busted my knee, he supports me both financially and emotionally in every endeavor and passion I have.  He takes care of me in every aspect and always puts my happiness in front of his every time.  He is the definition of selfless.  Every time I look at his empty room, or his bike next to mine, or his now vacant parking spot, I can't help but cry the ugliest cry I have.  I know it gets better over time but right now, not having been even 24 hours since he left, it is so damn hard.  We talk a lot over the phone and FaceTime, but we know if either of us show any sadness it will just make both of us incredibly sad.  I just feel a big emptiness in my life, and am unmotivated to even get out of bed, let alone go to work and function.  I just hope he knows I just want him to be the happiest he can be, and how much he means to me.  Thank you for reading guys. If anyones gone through a similar experience or loss and knows ways to cope, I'm all ears.  I've never felt a debilitating sadness like this before.  Much love.
I'm not a wife anymoreIt's not official, in fact the legal process hasn't started quite yet and technically we're only separated. That doesn't mean anything though, we know we're getting divorced. I've been so focused on trying to become comfortable with that D word that I've forgotten to remind myself that I'm no longer a wife. In fact, I'm a soon to be EX wife, and that hits hard. I was joking around with my current boyfriend and made a comment "Maybe you should listen to your wife," and stopped dead in my tracks. I know it's a part of the process, and I know I'm doing better because I'm not in the depressive state I had been in for so long, but holy shit. I'm not a wife anymore. He's not my husband. One of my main goals in life was briefly mine, even if it wasn't healthy. I hate the fact that he couldn't just be a decent human, that's all I ever wanted. Instead, he abused me and molded me, and now I'm forced to face the fact that my dream has had to shift and I didn't get a real choice in the matter. It was my decision to end it, but that isn't the same as wanting it to be over.
Everything has been going great up until a week ago: She went to a larger city with a friend of hers, to got to a concert and to do some sightseeing for a few days. The first days of her departure, everything was normal:Daily "good morning"s and updates, silly memes and "I love you"s. But ten, everything changed. They met up with this band, and the guitarrist started flirting with her. She assures me that the ha no interest in him, but is still texting him, even to this day. Then, I started noticing other changes in her behavior: No more replies, or only very short-handed and rather harsh answers. She seems to have had such a good time away, and now that the she is back here, it seems that her heart and mind are still with her friend and the city they weere visitng, as well as the memories associated with it. I had a long talk with her today, and she told me that she needed space and that I still should not worry about the guy, that the only reason she is exting him is bcause he is related to the good times she had away.
The last of my savings have been spent, my bottle of N has arrived and I'm more than ready for relief. Over the past couple of years I've given everything I've got into improving myself and pushing through my depression. Well enough is enough, I'm sick of busting my ass trying damn near everything to find even an iota of happiness only for it to all come crashing down... again. I'm sick of the constant suffocating feeling of loneliness and apathy. And most of all I'm sick of all you, of all the hateful, selfish and stupid people hellbent on making the future just as vile as they are. Bitter and misanthropic? You bet your ass I am, I've grown more than a little tired of repressing my feelings and "faking it till I make it" to become a better person when everyone I meet seems to go out of their way to be as nasty as possible. I've done my best to remain patient, open minded and friendly in hopes that I may find someone anyone who can give me even the slightest will to continue.
I'm not telling anyone.They'll just overreact at me telling them how depressed I've been recently, and it'll change my whole relationship with them. I am NOT a victim. I'm just going through some shit right now and it'll hopefully be over after some time (its been a year about). I also feel that everyone else around me that IS upfront about their problems have such worse problems than me, that I'd be either joining some type of complaints bandwagon or else undermining their issues. Like the one redditor said on here, telling someone you have suicidal thoughts will not get a rational reaction most of the time. I'm not going to kill myself. I wouldn't do that to my family and friends. I know I bring them joy, even if nothing brings me joy in return anymore. And that's what's keeping me going. Every day just feels the same, and I just want to sleep so I don't feel anything. Super demotivated, can't focus, can't remember anything, etc. I'm just so indifferent towards life at this point. Saying I don't care about something for so long has finally made it true. I'm just existing. Just need to get it off my chest. We're all fighting through this together. None of us on this sub is alone. There are people experiencing the same stuff. We can get through this together and beat it.
I know who ever is reading this is thinking holy shit I have to save this kid before he kills him self, but don’t worry. I wont. These are just thoughts, and I realize they’re suicidal and depressing thoughts. Yet I will not kill my self, something just keeps telling me not to. I dont know how to explain it. It’s like my mind is a maze and inside is a little helpless optimistic version of me saying hold up gimme a minute I’ll be out in a sec. Don’t take action on this. Leave me to deal with my own self. Just have a good read I guess. If you’re reading this because I’m dead (I plan to release all of this and all of my social media logins when I die) well then... OOF ❤️ I’ve stayed up many nights thinking about doing it, and either I’ve done it or something has happened. Either way, I now know the only thing no one alive has ever known. Life after death, if it exist. So don’t be sad, for I wanted this. I’m finally happy. :)
EDIT 1: Ok im going to present my story which isnt very special. I know her from a friends birthdayparty where we had a long talk about life and stuff. She was beautiful and I really liked her from the very beginning. As I mentioned I was 100% sure that she was way out of my league and I didnt even bother trying to flirt. I didnt want to go to (god bless I did) because I had a really shitty day. While being at the party I took some time of because I had a little down and she joined me and we began to chat. After the party me and a friend wanted to hang out and I didnt know that she was there as well. Soon my friend had to left and we were alone so we just talked casually. Afterwards I told her that I really enjoyed being with her and she answered with " I truly did as well" so I typed: " When will be the next time?" While writing that I kinda shitted myself because im such a coward. I sure to be denied but she said: "Why not tomorrow?" I was like wauw wtf and said "Sure!". Next day we decided to watch the naked gun and really enjoyed the movie. As she was about to leave I just grabbed all what was left of my pride and just went for it. Turned out that she is a very good kisser and I'm going to meet her again next week. If i wouldve not gone for it i wouldve hated myself as i do always when i back off while tryin to approach a girl. Thanks for all the comments and upvotes did not expect this big of an audience at all. Sorry for the bad english :D
dont know what to do with myself anymorei try telling my mom about my depression but all she ever responded with were things like “i have enough to deal with already” and im just being “too sensitive” its as if she doesnt see the depths of my mental illnessess and instead of trying to actually support me she just always tries to make me feel bad about being this way  and constantly tells me how kids like me always end up getting killed and how noone is ever going to want to deal with me etc. .... + the rest of my family doesnt make it any better whenever they know about my breakdowns they just pretend nothing happened and change the subject i know i shouldnt depend on others for validation but its so fucking hard dealing with this alone and i dont really see myself going anywhere in life (i’m 17)  also i miss school frequently so ofc i get shitted on bc of that im just so fucking sick and tired it feels like im going in circles and im sosobready for that day to come where i can finally gain that strength to take care of myself and move on with my life . also i have considered hospitilization a few times in the past along w medication, therapy and all that but it never really seemed to work for me. i abuse drugs as well but it only lasts for so long and its got to where ive lost all hope for everything everyone is slowly giving up on me. everyday i feel like fucking killing myself but can never actually bring myself to bc i dont wanna die like this.. sorry for the long rant i literally have noone to talk to in real life so im just gonna leave this here ....
I am worthlessI don't really see the point anymore. I put myself out there for the first real time and naturally it just blows up in my face. It's the first time I haven't just settled in my stupid life and now I'm just hurt and it's getting harder each day to try to fake that I'm okay. I constantly feel anxious and like I'm going to blow up. I no longer have people that care for me.. So what would it really matter if I just disappeared? Life is an exhausting battle of just trying to keep myself distracted or fooling myself into thinking I'm content long enough to make it through another day and I genuinely don't know how long i can keep this up.. Every feeling of happiness is fleeting and is soon followed by a pit in my chest making it harder to exist honestly. I want to be that charismatic attractive person that people just automatically like but I'm just me and no one wants me, not even me. I just don't see the point in going on if its just going to stay like this. I'm not going to magically get more attractive or more charismatic or likeable or smarter or anything. I am who I am and I am worthless.
House after divorceMy wife and I have filed for divorce and it should be finalized in a month or so. The house is mine, we picked it out together prior to marriage and there was a Pre-nup in place governing all pre-marital assets. It was a cute, first home full of charm and all of the great memories. It isn't perfect, needs some work, and doesn't have parking. All of these were key reasons I wanted to sell to begin with, and also why it wasn't our "forever" home together. Now that she's gone i instantly felt the need to sell it and escape. Every room I walk into just rushes me back with memories. New paint doesn't help. Listed the house for sale, got multiple great offers that will allow me to make a nice profit. Signed the initial contract for selling the house and I was instantly hit with regret. The problem is I now know I'm not thinking straight, but I don't know if it was in selling the house to begin with or not wanting to sell it now. We don't have kids but I feel like the house has all the memories both good and bad and it haunts me, but I also feel like the part of me that wants to keep the house is because it's a part of her and it makes the divorce less real.
His best friend (who I actually met STBX through so we were always friends) reached out to me and gave me his sympathy, told me he noticed all the red flags I did and didn’t blame me at all for walking away from it all. And that he’s a fucking asshole for doing what he did, and that he’s trying to distance himself from him. Apparently STBX couldn’t face the reality that he drove me away and told everyone I ‘broke his heart and left him, probably for another guy’. Completely belittling the emotional trauma he put me through. Best friend also told me that he had been basically stalking me, driving obsessively around my work and losing it so bad he was shaking when he saw me talking to a guy outside. Even though he was with his new girlfriend (that he apparently described to him as an ‘almost 6/10’), he was getting super angry to his friend when I was on vacation and posted a pic of me and my best friend in bikinis. His friend truly helped me so much mentally by telling me all this because I didn’t feel like I was going crazy anymore knowing someone who also knew STBX super well saw what I saw.
I’m an adult w/ ASD and I’m struggling to hold onOn my better days I’m ok with being autistic and accept that this is my lot in life, but on my worst days...honestly I really hate being different, and it truly makes me despise myself.  People assume that I’m able to read social situations better than I actually can bc I’m “high functioning” (which is such a bullshit term imo... but I digress), without realizing that I’m trying to mask my deficits as best as I can.  It’s so exhausting though, and nobody understands this about me even though I work at an autism research center.  They can’t comprehend just how lonely and isolated I am most of the time.  They don’t get that I don’t choose to be this way, that it’s because on the occasions when I do reach out and try to be social, it always invariably ends in rejection...and rejection is the most painful stimulus you can inflict on a person short of physically harming them.  I have no one to talk to except my therapist, as past attempts to reach out to “friends” have always ended in accusations of me being manipulative and needy.  They say I’m crying for attention, without understanding that I cry bc I am in extreme emotional pain, and that my tears are literally me bleeding emotionally...basically I cry when I’m past the threshold of how much pain I can take without breaking down, if that makes any sense. I don’t know the implicit social rules I’m expected to understand intuitively, and it is overwhelming for me to not know what to do or say in most social situations.  I’m just so tired of it all.  I don’t ever want to leave my house so that I can just be alone with my cat without fear of being judged and/or rejected by people, but this isn’t an option for me bc I have to keep my job so I can afford to continue living independently.  And I know it’s never going to get better for me...I was scoring one of the behavioral scales we use with our ASD kids the other day and actually read the questions for the social domain, and realized that a lot of them applied to me.  I understand that this shouldn’t have been a surprise for me, but then again I had never read a description of my deficits in such stark terms before.  According to this scale, my social development is on par with that of a 7 year old child...and I’m 32 years old.  I’ve been on the outside looking in my entire life, and I know this will never change for me.  I lost my mom to suicide five years ago now, and I miss her so much...she was the only person in my life who loved me unconditionally, and with whom it was ok for me to not be ok, if that makes sense.  I didn’t have to mask or pretend everything was fine; with her, I could just be.  I know I’ll be letting a lot of people down by taking my life, but I really don’t want to live.  I don’t want to be alone, and that’s all I can expect from this life.  I just don’t want to suffer anymore.
    We were there for about thirty minutes when a fight broke out in the yard and the cops were called. We had left before they got there. On our way home, a man in a lifted truck was coming over the hill straight at my car. Little did I know this was the start to the end. He was going about 70mph and hit us head on. All I remember is seeing my friends laying in the road and the man in the front of my hood bleeding out. It got dark, I couldn't see anything. I remember hearing a paramedic yelling out to the officer "we need backup, call the helicopter." When I came to, I was in a hospital bed surrounded by three doctors telling me to "stay awake" and "don't fall asleep." The next morning my mom and sister were sitting on the cough waiting for me to wake up. My mom started crying and came to hug me, but I wanted to know what happened to my friends. As she explained what happened, she told me that I was the only one wearing my seat belt, therefore, the only survivor. I didn't know what to do. I was in shock that my best friends were dead.
SolitudeI had an amazing childhood crush back in highschool. They liked every show, anime, video game, everything I liked. In some magical turn of events, it turned out they liked me and asked me out, without even knowing how obsessed I was with them.  4 years. 4 years of each other through the best and worst, bringing the other up hen no one else would, laughing nonstop, completing each others sentences, thinking the exact same thing. 4 years of someone in the world who knew I got constantly physically and emotionally abused by my parent, actually listened to when ever I tell them when I get thrown down the stairs or kicked and taunted till I cried. 4 years of someone knowing everything about you, what makes you happy, your philosophy you developed growing up, how you react to certain things, how to make you feel better. 4 years of them taking you in, and their happy family bringing you out to family dinners or movies, all around being surrounded by adult figures you always wished you had raising you like one of their own, someone finally treating you like a human being. I can actually function again, I can actually speak to someone using my voice without it cracking or stopping mid sentence, I can actually be a normal human being like everyone else. The abuse got worse and worse, house was foreclosed because we're too poor, dad had to move to somewhere else, I could only take a quarter of my belongings (we were being rushed out of our house in 2 days). 4 years of feeling like a real human being. Until they realized I was needy trash and decided to tell me they were cheating on me for years. Because she was obsessed with boys. And I am a girl.
Most of 2018 is a complete hazy mess for me. I was depressed for a majority of it and didn’t really come around until August. I had been laid off, had my own issues with mental health which can be a post for another reddit sub. During this time my ex became more and more distant. He didn’t come home right after work. Went to have drinks with friends often. Sometimes he would ask if I wanted to join, but I would never go because I didn’t want to be around people due to the depression. We stopped all intimate contact early on in 2018. I didn’t want it, and I pushed away any advances. When I finally came around and was pulling out of my depressive state, I noticed what a complete mess everything was, and that my ex’s actions were telling me that something was off. I confronted him in October. I asked him what was going on. He admitted he wasn’t happy. I asked if he wanted a divorce, and he said “I don’t know” so I pressed and kept asking because by this time I am an absolute mess. He finally said yes, I asked if there was another woman, he said no… So, I gathered some things and went to my parents. I asked him to not tell our son, that I would like to do that together. He told him an hour after I left. I get a phone call from my son, he was crying and asking why…. It was as terrible as it sounds, and broke my heart into a million pieces. I tried to talk to him, explain that I will always be in his life and that I will always be his Mom no matter what.
* My depression wasn't so, so bad when I first met my boyfriend (almost 2 years ago), but when we hit our 7 month mark, my anxiety and depression got really bad because I was feeling the loneliness of living in a city with no friends and not knowing many people. He was my only person, and when he got a new job and made new friends and got new hobbies, I was left alone a lot because I had only a part time job, no hobbies, and no friends. This put a strain on the relationship. Our problems stem MOSTLY from me (but of course he's not perfect either), but a lot of pessimism and negativity on my part, a lot of picking on little things he says and does... just being a very toxic partner. We almost broke up in AUG 2017 but then worked through some things... but generally we still have one big fight every month or every other month, and again, a lot of it stems from my sadness, anger, insecurities, etc. It has made him very much question if there's any faith in this relationship for any type of future. Today, he broke up with me, but then I (pathetically) begged for him to take it back and wait just a little longer, because I am trying antidepressants for the first time ever and I am so sure that once I find the right one and am happy again, my bubbly, funny, energetic self will come back... So he said he would wait to see... but I have emotionally drained him and the relationship is hanging by a thread.
Fuck my lifeI hate my fucking life. It all started I’m late September of 2018 when I got suspended from school when I shouldn’t have. The principals set me up and tried to get me in trouble and that’s when I got depressed and my anxiety started to get terrible. Every day I just think about how no one likes me. People say they r my friends and shit and say that they care about me and don’t want anything to happen to me but they only say that shit when something bad happens to me. They only say it bc they would feel bad if they didn’t say it. If they really were my friends they would always love me and be there for me but they’re not. Also I have a condition called hppd and it makes life difficult sometimes and I just think about that then that gives me anxiety. I’m a pretty unlucky person I got it from drinking cough syrup to go to sleep bc i couldn’t go to sleep and that night I was dealing with anxiety so I just said fuck it and drank half the bottle. Then I was tripping and freaking out bc I didn’t know u would get high off of it. But some shit just happened yesterday and now I’m to the point where I’m thinking about suicide again. I’ve tried to kill myself once but it didn’t work because I somehow fucked that up. I’m scared to try to kill myself im just to much of a pussy to finish the deed. I want to just hang myself but I don’t want it to not work and break my neck so I’d be fucked up for life and more depressed. I want to try to od on oxy bc that just seems the easiest. Wish me luck
But everything changed last week when I decided to email her disclosing I was going to be a father. It must have made a huge impact on her because it took her a day to reply. She usually replies within hours. Her email was a long essay about her current life and her last four years. Basically, a throw up of emotions. She had not changed. That chip in her shoulder about life, in general, was present now more than ever, since the first day we met. One thing that stood out, however, was that she mentioned she would have dropped her life now if I had told her to come back at any moment during the last four years. I scoffed reading that. I replied saying how it was ridiculous for her to say that. I didn’t believe her because all that time she had an opportunity to actually fix things and come clean, but she didn’t. So for her to say that got me upset and a little confused. Although, this time around I just didn’t care so much anymore. I kept writing, explaining that I don’t care that she had an affair. That's because I’ve got other amazing, positive things in my life now. We decided to continue communication over the phone because I didn’t want to type an essay. It was there that she finally told me the truth.
I went over there this morning, to 'her house' (still can't get used to that...) to get our near two year old since they are both spending the next 2 days at my place. My oldest and I just got back from a 2 day trip up north to see family which was nice. My wife and I sat and talked over coffee and breakfast and the kids did their thing and as usual we got along well. We obviously still enjoy eachother company and somewhere in there, still love eachother. At least, I still love her. I wrote her a letter the other day after christmas, asking her for a 'do over' on the trial separation basically, could we try again? No expectations, just that I was too hurt and too bitter and there was too much emotion early on for us to have a constructive trial separation. It seemed impossible that she would expect me to act like a total 'friend to her' after announcing that she wanted out of the marriage or rather, realized in therapy that the relationship is toxic (after 16 years) and that it would be healthier if we lived apart and stopped being intimate with each other. So even after that, even after she has been pretty clear about where she is at, I still love her, i still want her and am willing to wait for her and dedicate myself to self-improvement.
This professor I am taking for one class this semester is new, this is his first semester at my university. He basically started the class two weeks late because he was out of the country. He doesn't go over stuff in class at all, he goes over his papers (this is an empirical paper writing class).  He demands a lot from the students for this class, which I understand. Yet the part that keeps getting me stressed out is that I keep submitting paper ideas to him and he shoots them down. This past week we had our midterm, two weeks ago we went over what the midterm was going to be on in class. Two days before the midterm he emails the class and changes the parameters for what the midterm will be on. (Two weeks ago he said it would be 75 questions multiple choice, he changed it to 25 questions multiple choice and we had to answer 5 short answer questions and fill in a chart). Come the day of the midterm the whole class is worried about passing, some people are talking about sending a letter to the dean on how bad of a professor he is. The average for the class for the mid term was a 59%.
I (F27) have struggled with depression on and off for years. Last March I moved to New Zealand for school from the US for a change of pace. Everything was fine for a while but lately, around 2 months or so, I'm just so sad constantly and I feel so alone. There's absolutely no reason for it either. Everything is going super well in my life but internally I struggle on a daily basis. I cry every day and night and I always want to be alone. I go to gym several times a week because people claim it helps but I'm starting to spiral out of control. I'm not eating and I think about death constantly. A world without me and my problems seems like a better place for everyone. I'm not getting any sleep at night and my anxiety is sky high. I've been taking valium every night but even with that I get no sleep and no relief. My boyfriend knows I'm severely depressed and he does everything he can to help me, but lately I don't even want to be with him and nothing perks me up. This is starting to severely affect my school work as my motivation levels are dwindling. Does anyone have any tips on how I could bounce back? Like I said, I've tried working out to get those endorphins pumping but nothing works. I've gone to therapy several times but all I end up doing is crying the whole time and they recommend me writing my feelings down in journals and walks outside but I'm still feeling super shitty. I feel at a loss so any kind of help would be greatly appreciated.
NEET, 33, suicidal, can't help myselfI live with my mom in a rural community in what feels like the middle of nowhere. I'm 33 years old, I don't work, I sit on my ass playing video games all day and taking care of my mother. The only money we get is from other parts of my family and social security. My mom is approaching 80, she'll be dead soon because she treats her body like shit and when that happens my brother plans to continue supporting me financially. The house is paid for, we have a decent enough car, access to food, and I of course can continue my daily routine of playing Warframe all day, every day. It's actually not realistic to say I play all day, though. I have a pretty bad case of anhedonia, and although I try and force myself I generally cannot play for more than 30 minutes. It's the same with movies, television, anime or anything educational, like learning a programming language or the piano. I cannot stay focused or enjoy anything, and it has killed my will to live. The only comfort I have is junk food, I eat a LOT of it.
Today I look at this and feel that, all along, I was willing to change who I am in order to win validation from someone else. My question to the hive mind is, has anyone else had a similar experience? And have you made progress toward "you being enough" to where you are able to interrupt this pattern and seek out healthy relationships without leaning on those people for validation? I feel like unless and until I can improve myself in that area, I'm on course to end a marriage and likely just fall into a familiar pattern. I think it speaks, well beyond the prospect of my next relationship, to my need to be comfortable with myself. Over the years I went from a 23 year old who broke out in hives if he had to speak in front of more than 3 people to a more confident 30-something who regularly speaks in front of groups in the hundreds with ease and comfort. I've developed more confidence over the years. Still, I feel like I seek way too much third party validation.
Her claim for leaving me is that I am abusive and blow money. When she says I am abusive she refers to me holding her arm to keep her from walking away. Saying things I don't mean in the heat of the moment (back and forth, we both say things like that). Blowing money by spending a small portion on my hobbies. I did for a while spend too much but have since cut back greatly. I haven't in months. I've tried changing and have made much progress. I just dont know what else to change. I've never hurt her and I have actively contributed to our finances. I've actively contributed to our household like any normal couple would. I've cut off friendships for the sake of saving my marriage... I've cut out my social life almost in its entirety. I do so much for this woman but in the end its not enough. She's amazing. She works overtime to bring in extra money. We share responsibilities. We helped each other up. But now it's over. My mind is racing at 1000mph while I lay here. I have to work in a few hours and haven't had any sleep. I don't know how to cope.
I wish that no one cared, so that I could kill myself without hurting anyone elseI'm annoyed myself that I failed at overdosing from 3 months ago. I'm not convinced that I could ever be happy because of how my mind works. I don't think I'll ever meet someone who genuinely loves me and I dont think a life is worth living without love. A few months ago I thought I met someone who was perfect for me and we both loved talking to each other... This was until she ghosted me a few days ago... I can't help but feel like I'll never experience what true happiness is. I can't have a night out with my friends without wanting to kill myself immediately afterwards. Every day I wake up wondering why I'm here just wishing I could slash my wrists and get it over with, that would be perfect... For me anyway. The only thing stopping me from doing that is how my mam would feel opening my bedroom door to seeing me lying dead on the ground, I know she would never recover from that.
I'm doneMaybe this is a better drunk rant. It could be, cause I'm drunk. But I'm not all here in the head either. I'm 43. Married with 3 wonderful kids. My marriage is not stressful. I have a supportive wife, wonderful kids and a job that... lets say pays all the bills. But even with all that, even with everything that is wonderful, i feel trapped. I feel caged. And not by wife, not my children, but by my own mind. Reasonable I know that i have a perfect life. But I want unobtainium. That rare mineral that no one can obtain. I want all the things I don't really want. Some of you will understand, some of you will not. I cant rightly explain. And I cant righty go logical because logic and emotion are at conflict within me. Seeking help to me seems... ridiculous. I'm already on pills and asking...no...paying someone to listen to me ...sounds wrong. I have not had much luck with the mental people. One time, when I was suicidal I emailed a shrink who didn't respond to me till five month later... People have enough going on with their lives without listening to my stupid bullshit. I'm a spec on log of shit. This life is worthless, and honestly, I'm living one day after another till I get out. I cant talk to people. I cant write my feelings down in a journal ( both have been severely violated in the past ). I don't have many people to talk to. Case in point... I'm talking to the internet in hopes of ... something. I keep thinking there is more to this life.. more to my life.. then is there.. but I can't scratch enough of the surface to see. I don't expect anyone to comment, and less to understand. I was just hoping to maybe find others who understand and maybe not feel so isolated in my fog of disparity.
I'm living a nightmareI can't I just can't take it anymore I've been through all stages of depression all by myself, nobody cares about me besides myself, all I ever wanted was to be helped and be happy again interacting with people but they all just make me feel worse. I want new people in my life but I can't open to anybody without being awkward and getting trashed on. I feel crazy and I just feel like I'm constantly living a nightmare, I don't have anybody to tell to, I can't fight on my own anymore. All I ever wanted was to have somebody pick me up and help me start over, it's been too long since I've been depressed I can't physically take it anymore. Prayers, self effort, they don't work. I'm slowly losing my mind and I need desperate help yet it will never come. Nobody cares. I'm lost and I don't know what to do. I feel constantly in panic, my body trembles and I am just living in hopes something resets in my life. I feel like I'm ready to die yet I don't want to, all I need is some miracle and help and I will be fine, when do I get it?
Recently, a friend asked me what I was getting out of the marriage. That hit me like a ton of bricks. We are both prone to lethargy around parenting and housework, so I don't have a great partner as far as those go. Our love life is pretty much dead. Every time I cuddle her I hurt her somehow. She never initiates any kind of romantic touch, and sex is... well, so infrequent and pathetic I'd pretty much rather have a dead bedroom (or open marriage, not her thing). She'll shrug off my touch a lot of the time, but tells me it hurts her feelings when I do the same to her. She rubs in my face at times the hardships I've put the family through with my businesses, and that I was the one that wanted kids, not her, when things are rough with our little ones. I try to bring things up to her in a non-confrontational and unemotional way, and she tells me to stop using my asshole voice (talking clearly and thinking through my words = asshole, apparently. Whenever I bring something up, some problem around the house, her walls go immediately up and she throws it back in my face and makes me feel like the asshole. When I get or do something, like travel or buy myself something, she plays the zero sum game and expresses envy, as though I were a rival or sibling.
This brings me to another point. I hypothesise that internet services (such as Netflix) placate people into not wanting to do anything sociable at all, even at university. This is what fucking irritates me. Over the past ~2 months, I’ve invited approximately 5 of my ‘friends’ to go out with me, at least twice  and 2 weeks apart each time. I like to believe I’m a charitable, funny, positive, and interesting character to be around, at least that’s what they tell me. The thing is, I don’t even harass them to go out, or burden them with anything. I literally suggest low cost places or activities to go to (such as pizza, desserts, drinks, music events, or even playing 8 ball pool and other apps lol) and they either come up with some bs excuse that I KNOW isn’t valid, or they ghost me. People constantly whine about being ‘alone’, ‘miserable’ or ‘depressed’ but won’t do anything when I hold out my hand for them. How do they think I feel?
Im a little Weak for letting it or using it as a reason to not have the energy to change and to say “ooh I’m such a victim because my sister did this” but to change anything about my lifestyle that I don’t like seems impossible. I feel I’m in the midst of this hell that I’ve been sent to endure. Losing my sister sent me on a dark journey downward that to this day I am still recovering from . It was March of 2011, I am 30 years old. When you learn life isn’t fair, or the way you think it’s gonna be, or be a perfect life, it’s pretty hard to deal with mentally . I wish it had been me and not her, she had so much more positive energy than me, she was adopted and had a really hard start. And to see her grow up, and to go through all of that, to lose her in such a shocking , dramatic and permanent way isnjust something I’ll never understand. Living sucks and then you die , what’s the point of waiting , but I couldn’t do to my family what she did to us already . To live without happiness is like torture and knowing she isn’t coming back, makes it feel like this whole world is just a fake, a torture test . I wonder how people get so happy and pretentious and snobby, I’ve only ever felt lonely, inadequate , and sorry .
He did me a huge favour by showing me exactly the type of person he is. I lost my shit on him, moved everything that wasn’t explicitly his out, and it completely killed all my sleepless nights of wondering if I made the right choice. We were playing so nice before, I don’t understand how he could be so cruel as to try to shove that in my face. You’d think if you were trying to defend being innocent of cheating, the last thing you’d do is jump into a new relationship so soon and rub my face in it. We live in a small town where everyone we know drives past our place, there’s no way he could have expected no one to notice. When I called him disgusting, he said ‘I’m lonely and horny, I’m a man, what do you expect me to do?’. He’s telling people I’m such a cold hearted bitch for taking everything so he can’t play house with it with his little girlfriend (they’re officially boyfriend and girlfriend, meeting each other’s friends and shit). The ironic thing is, his ex girlfriend before me did something very similar to him and he was bitter about it literally all throughout our relationship.
This is for you reddit. Take your time reading it.Have you ever felt lonely? I mean of course you had, who hasn't? But did you ever really think about it? What it feels like having that feeling for 12 hours a day, on weekends 24hours a day? Have you ever thought about the people around you and if they have the same feeling? I have. This is what i feel like every day. I get up to go to school, come back home to my depressed self. In the last few days i had more aggression in me, than sadness. Kind of a mix of both. But some days it gets to me. I'll try explaining the feeling: Imagine being in bed. The thermostat reading 20°C. And then you're still cuddled up in your "warm" blanket. Now you'd think that you're quite warm, sweating even. But no. You feel cold. Almost as if you'd walk around in a t-shirt and shorts in the middle of winter in russia. Now you hug yourself, cause thats what you feel like. It actually helps a little. Then you think about it. Start crying. Then you want to just end it with one pull of the trigger. But you can't. What would people think of you? How would your mother feel? That's what keeps me up. Me not being able to sleep. Being in school actually makes me happy, cause that's the time i actually feel like not being alone...
So, I have my daughter finally for 10 days.  Let me tell you, the handoff at the airport was tough.  If you read my previous post you’ll see that she brought her ex-boyfriend (now current boyfriend) to the airport with her for “emotional support”.  In all honesty, I was expecting to hate him, but when I actually saw him... well, he’s a few inches shorter than I am (she always said she loved how tall I am because I’m barely tall enough that when she’s in heels I’m still taller; I’m 6’1” she’s 5’9”) and even though he’s more muscular, I’m definitely more attractive and quite a bit more charismatic.  He’s a bit of a doormat and honestly boring.  And when she showed up dressed to the NINES and he wasn’t... when I realized that this guy works at a bank as an analyst (I’ve yet to meet a bank analyst that has personality) and she must’ve asked him to take the day off work so he could be there to “emotionally support” her, it all clicked in my head.  She was trying to get to me.  She is using him.  100% she is just using him as an easy rebound/safety net.  So I walked up to the guy and said “Hey man. I want you to know that it’s EXTREMELY inappropriate for you to be here.  This is MY handoff with MY daughter.  And considering who you are and what you represent, you should not be here.  HOWEVER... I want you to know that I see now what’s going on, and honestly man, I don’t hold it against you.  She asked you to come and all you did was oblige.  This isn’t your responsibility, it’s hers.  This is not on you, for the most part.  So... no hard feelings.” And I stuck out my hand and shook his.  He wasn’t a douche about the handshake.  He was soft and responded only to the firm but gentle pressure I exerted.  Other than his flirting with a married woman, this really isn’t about him.  It’s about her.  I was in his shoes exactly oh so many years ago.  She’s a master at this.
Like Sisypuhus, my each day resembles his penance for a crime I didn’t commit. I just want to be "normal." There are basic human experiences and feelings that are definitive of what it means to be alive, to be human, that are lost to me. Food has no taste, music is white noise, smiles bring me no joy, sex gives me no feeling- there is a glass wall between myself and the world. I watch life happen before me without happening with me. Like putting on makeup, each day I put on my face of being “fine” when I am anything but. What other serious illness are sufferers forced to mask their pain, mask the trials they endure, mask the deterioration of their lives? What other serious illnesses causes you to lose friends, be judged by family, be blamed for your symptoms, and be seen as weak in character? You can’t call in sick to work because your depression is acting up. No one brings you casseroles when you are depressed. You simply suffer in silence.
Don’t know how to pick myself back upI’m 22 attend Uni and I’m an economics major, I’ve never done well in school the only thing I enjoy is playing video games because it’s the only thing I’m good at and staying secluded with other friends who don’t really go out either.  I live with just my mom my dad stopped talking to me 4 years ago. They’ve been divorced my whole life. I used to fence a lot in high school because my mom wanted me to get recruited and sunk so much money into it. Naturally I did ok but never reached the top and I didn’t even get recruited. My mom got cancer because of all the stress fencing built up and I felt like such a piece of shit for not being able to meet her expectations. I want to find interests in other things but every time I go to lecture I fall asleep or lose focus in less than a minute. This has been happening since early high school. I feel so emotionless that I don’t feel like going to class anymore. I just recently broke up with my girlfriend and people say it’s not my fault but I can’t help but think that it is all my fault. My mom works so hard and has really changed as a person after recovering from cancer and only wants the best for me and I feel like such a piece of shit for putting her through my bullshit.  My cousins who used to look up to me have now grown up and all do well in school and are applying for prestigious unis and I still haven’t accomplished anything. I met the other side of my family’s kids who are the same age as me and they are all very successful in what they do and have found passion in computer science and engineering. My high school friends all work and have built great relationships  All my family relatives have gone to Ivy League schools and I’m here in a state school and I can’t help but feel inferior to everyone/dumb. I’ve gotten help from psychologists/psychiatrists but I just keep drifting back to the same state I’ve always been in. Seriously the only time I feel at peace is when I smoke weed and play games with my friends. I want to just end everything but I’m too much of a pussy. I don’t see myself ever breaking out of this loop. I can’t tell if I’m depressed or not but all I know is I’m extremely sad and hate myself.
Sad Boi Hours.Hi, my name is Devin, I am a 20 Year Old unemployed Autistic fuck living in the United States, I have been depressed for an extremely long time, maybe not as long as others but a long time nothing less, you see people like me are disregarded by society as useless Retards despite the fact we are never given a chance,i could apply for 30 jobs in a week and no one would get back to me, I do not have a lot of money and completely rely on my parents for support, I mean I am trying to change that at the moment, trying alternative methods to get placed in a job,and even starting college in the fall but honestly I still feel empty inside, almost as if things couldnt go fast enough for me, my life is like an endless loading screen, you want everything, video games,a nice girl to savagely fuck in bed,etc. but those things cost money,and money is the one thing i do not have, and over the past few months, the main thing i have learned is that people who are like Andrew Wilson, the CEO of EA, do not give a single fuck about a lonely autist living in your average american suburb, they would rather see me in the streets dying of hunger and loneliness while they probably buy a shit ton of cocaine and hookers with their money they get from less than ethical means :D this society is degenerate and i might as well take myself away from it while i still can.
I was born into a fairly normal family at the time, and was an only child until my sister was born when I was 8. We had money troubles and lived in a shitty flat in London. My mum is a workaholic and my dad was a drug abuser who ignored my existence until my sister was born, which was I guess when he decided to become a father. I have an older cousin who ended up consistenly molesting me from the age of around 5 at everty family event, usually at my grandmother's house. I'm not sure when it stopped, but I remember looking forward to it because it was the closest thing I had to attention. It still turns my stomach. I repressed everthing until I was 14, when I remembered everything all at once the day before an exam - I still remember it clear as day, screaming and getting highlighter all over my hands. I had always been incredibly depressed but now I guess I had a reason. I told my mum last year and her response was "Why didn't you tell anyone, you knew it was wrong." and "I don't have time for this, I have a party to plan". Like a lot of people, my mother hit me until I left for uni and has severe anger issues. My father pretends he doesn't know it's happening.
Depression is kicking my ass...I became sober just over a year ago because I was in a dark place. I was suicidal and extremely depressed. Something needed to change. I lost all of my friends because of it. Some of them I have been friends with for almost a decade.  It was just like I don't exist anymore. No one asked what is going on, how am I doing or where did I go. I feel really lonely  when I see a group of friends hanging out and having a good time. My only friend right now is my cat.  Yesterday and today were two of the nicest day so far. I didn't come out of my room for almost both the days. My house is a complete mess. I have 0 motivation to do anything. I come to Reddit hoping I will make a comment or post something for it to get replies or up votes. Just so I feel like I am a part of something again.  I dont know this just might be a ramble but I dont know where to start on whats going on..... I had it under control for awhile but just recently it has escalated 10 fold. Just thought I would post here hoping that me getting shit off my chest will help. It couldn't hurt anymore so hopefully it will make me feel a little better. I just dont know anymore.
I still need to find a job which I should be able to do as I have a 3.3 GPA and majors in finance and poli sci from a good school, but I just don't do what I need to do so. What is strange to me is the fact that when I wake up and don't want to get out of bed the thing that bothers me the most and fills me with the most regret and dread is a girl who I have feelings for, who I am pretty sure has feelings for me, and the fact that I can't bring myself to do anything about it. I've had anxiety for a long time and the thought of trying something with her, someone who has been a friend for years, and failing fills me with worse feelings than almost anything else. I went on a semi-date with her alone, which we have never done, and we walked for hours and I didn't make a move. I can't explain how awful I felt that night and the next morning about that. Yet I still havent done anything, things have gotten weird with her and I'm just dissapointed.
i dont want to live, but i dont want to hurt my familyTitle says it all pretty much. I dont want to keep living, it just feels pointless, too much pain not enough good. Ive used to have great grades, live in a great family, good friends, good place to live in, but i just dont want life. ive had suicidal thoughts for several years, even when i was 8 i had considered it. ive come very very close to doing it, once by suffocation(breathing the same air out of a bag until i fun out of oxygen and pass out), twice by shooting myself, and once by jumping off a roof onto concrete. i always chickened out of it because i dont want to hurt my family and friends, and i dont want them to think it was their fault in any way. for over a year now ive just not watned to get out of bed, i just dont want to go through another day, so i stay in bed until really late and tell them i sleep through my alarms. usually its just once or twice a week, but i find myself doing it more and more. i just dont care abobut life anymore. i feel like a bad stock market, go up, come down, go up come down lower, go up come down even lower over and over and over again. i dont know what to do and i dont want to tell them because i dont know how they will react or what they will do.
Me...musings from a lonely heartThe beliefs of one is not always the beliefs of another. Even if that person is the person you are the closest to. Even if that person is the one that you would consider a vital part of you. Once again your beliefs are not always the same as others. This is a very disappointing fact at times but not one that can be changed. You can push and push but it is impossible to force your beliefs on others even if you try your hardest. It does not matter how hard you try it does not matter as long as the other person is not willing. This can be a hard fact to swallow. They tell me that life goes on. They tell me that one day I will move on. This goes back to the thought of beliefs. I believe in my wedding vows. I believe in the possibility of us. I believe that we could be great again. Is it all lies? Is it all just a fantasy that my shattered heart came up with in its struggle to control the pain? I will never know because for us it is over. The trust is gone. For me that means the end. It no longer matters what my beliefs are because we no longer share the same belief. The care that was between us is now gone. This is where we went wrong. It is at this time as I ponder the what ifs and what could be that my heart gives a great lurch and the realization that I will never be the same hits me. I will never be the person I once was. But looking back I can't remember who I was. Was I even me? This is a question that I am unable to answer. This is a question that has been haunting me for the last few months. Who am I? I believe my identity was so intertwined with the man I considered my other half that I do not even exist anymore. I look in the mirror and wonder who is this woman looking back at me. Who am I? This question echos in my head like I am standing in a cavernous room yelling "hello...hello...hello". I know I am a mother. That is something that can never be taken away from me because when I look at my daughter I see the world. She is the reason that I realize that there is potential in this new scary world for me....for us. She is the single light that will lead the way and take me out of the dark. She is my belief. Once again I go back to the question of who am i? They tell me that I need to find myself but I question how can I find someone that is so lost and so desolate without drowning? I am not saying that it is not possible I am just saying that when I go to look how will I recognize me? My identity has been a girlfriend then wife then wife and mother for so long that without being one of those I have to find the true me. One day I will wake up in the morning and look in the mirror and say "There you are Rachel".
I hate my life and I hate myself.I’ve been doing quite a bit better lately, my chronic pain has gotten a little less painful, I’ve been eating healthier and exercising. I get out and see people more, my social skill have improved pretty dramatically. But then today one of my fillings fell out and I’ve since spiraled back into how I felt before. I mean bad thoughts always linger but I haven’t felt this low in a while. My teeth are horrible and I no longer have insurance to get them fixed (id gotten lots of dental work done before I lost it but some of it wasn’t finished by then so I still have quite a few cavities). I’m ugly, tired all the time, have scaly eczema that covers my fucking hands that were once the thing I liked most about myself, and I live in a toxic fucking house that I’ve been desperate to get away from since childhood but the way I’ve been treated by my narcissist mom has made it extremely difficult not to depend on her. I need her for so many things and she’s made sure of that my entire life. And I have nobody else to help me. I don’t want to be myself anymore. I keep wishing that I’ll wake up with a completely different life that isn’t this.
How do people enjoy living?How do people do this? How do you enjoy life and want to continue living? I'm finding it difficult to even imagine myself making it to an old age. My head is full of worries and doubts and I can only shake them for so long before they bring me down again. I feel like I wasn't made for life. Every year I get older the more I realize I will never be happy. I've been dying inside for years now and I feel that I'm getting too tired to fight anymore. Wouldn't it be great to never wake up? No more stress. No more negative thoughts. I want peace from it all. I tried reaching out over the years telling friends and family that I am depressed. You know what that got me? Nothing. I was ignored. So what is the point? No one has ever cared about me. Why am I here? I have no goals or ambitions. I'm not living a good life. Negative thoughts have already consumed me for 10 years. Is this what I have to look forward to? I'm alone and I'm so very tired. I want a permanent break from this.
You can read that for the full details (or to call me an asshole, as is the nature of that sub), but basically, my sister was in the hospital under suicide watch (automod didn't allow me to explicitly state that in the other sub). In a desperate attempt to help in any way I could, I told the social worker in front my parents that my sister was gay, and some issues she has been having at school as a result of it. I was the only one in my family who knew. I just wanted her to get better, and thought this would be helpful information. Now, I feel like shit and don't know where to go from here. I don't know if she knows, and I don't want to do anything that might upset her to the point of attempting suicide. Telling her seems like a terrible idea. But if she asks me if I mentioned it, should I lie? Would that make it worse if she finds out I'm lying or would it buy time so even if she is upset from it she is at a lower risk of taking drastic action? We were all a mess while she was in the hospital, and I turned to full honesty and disclosure mode (our drug use, etc.) Pretty much anything that I felt relevant moving forward, or anything our parents asked me I would answer directly and honestly. So I'm worried that since she knows I said all those things, she might connect the dots and realize I mentioned the aforementioned secret also.
Guys, I really need your help.Disclaimer: I don't have depression, but two of my close friends do. We'll start with 13F 5'4"ish who I haven't been helping as much as I should. Anxious and very depressed. She's currently on lexapro and seroquel. Recently went trough a breakup that was mutual at the time, but she's now beginning to regret it. She sees the school counselor for about 45 minutes each weekday. She's clean from sh for now, but I can't imagine that will last long. Next is 13F 4'10"ish who I'm closer to. Both of them are great friends but goddamn this shorter one just absolutely lights up my world. While there's nothing romantic, she's adorable (although I can't say that in front of her bf lol) and consistently puts me in tears laughing. There's little I wouldn't do to put a smile on her face. She's also seeing the counselor but not on any meds. Sh about once a day, either cutting ankles or scratching arms. How can I help them? It kills me to see anyone value themselves so little, let alone those I love. All help and empathy is greatly appreciated.
Usually I would do this calmly in hopes it would make him trust me or love me for being truthful with him & helping him, proving myself to him, seeking his validation. But yesterday I lost it. I told him that I could not continue on proving myself to him. Him making me feel like I was money hungry, him making me feel like I wasn't allowed to go out with friends, to have alone time, making me feel guilty for asking for an hour alone to do homework. Calling me vain, calling me a whore. His constant harsh judgement. The glares, the silent treatment. My begging for his time, love, attention & approval. Me running myself ragged, taking on so much, to try to prove to him that I was good person, worthy of his love. I never got it. I told him how much it hurts to just love someone so unconditionally and for them to only give you love when they thought you deserved it. I told him how many times I would try to talk to him but he refused to talk back.
I can’t picture myself being happy..I don’t know if it’s because I’m in the midst of an episode (bipolar type II) or if it’s just how I really feel but I can’t even begin to fathom the idea of what I’d look like being happy. I try to practice gratitude- I have a roof over my head, I’m physically healthy, my parents are alive and healthy, I have a job, I’m not hungry, the whole enchilada- but that doesn’t help. It’s gotten worst since January when the episode started. My attendance at work has been spotty. I missed 3 weeks in March because I couldn’t leave the house. And it’s so hard trying to explain how I feel to my family so I just keep it to myself and wither away in my room. I’m on a mood stabilizer but I don’t think it’s helping. I’m gonna talk to my psych next week during my appointment. And I plan on starting back uni in the fall after having to take a break (2 years) because of my mental health.
Does anyone else keep living just because killing yourselg would be too embarrassing?I've heard a lot of people say that they're afraid of killing themselves because they're afraid of death. For me, though, death isn't scary. It's peaceful, it's desirable. But what really stops me from killing myself is how I feel when imagining my family finding out. I just hate the thought of them knowing I'm suicidal or have problems. I don't want them to know anything about my intimate life/my feelings. And killing myself is like telling eeeveryone that I was suffering a lot. It's just unbearable. I can't just showcase my intimate life like that. Plus, I don't want to explain anything so they would never even understans why I did it. They would be so disconcerted. I also imagine them having to explain their friends or their coworkers, and what their reaction would be. Maybe "embarrassing" isn't exactly the best definition. It's just that I've hidden so many things from my family for so long that I feel like killing myself implies admitting that I've been hiding things. And I can't allow that. I simply can't. It's way stronger than me. I wonder if someone feels a similar thing.
I have post history for references, so I won’t get into all of it here, but essentially my husband is a narcissist sociopath who had been cheating on me with my teenaged sister, and impregnated her. He has absolutely destroyed our family, my sister, and my parents. He has refused to leave our home (it’s technically not marital property anyways but Jesus Christ you’d think a human being would have *some* shame), and I have been displaced on a friends couch for what’s about to be a third week. He has sold my car and gave me half the profit (because he’s so generous) and I have yet to find a halfway decent car in our area for that price. My parents are moving my sister in with our aunt, and my son and I will have a room with them while I figure out how to get some semblance of normalcy established and get back on my feet. We went before a judge to get temporary orders in place to keep him from selling off more of our assets, but he also wanted custody established. I honestly never in a million years believed that a judge would grant him any form of custody upon finding out that he *got my teenage sister pregnant!* but somehow that was a “non factor” when my lawyer brought up that fact.  I was told that she had no interest in hearing about “marital issues”. I just can’t believe that our law protects predators like this.
I hope u listenI don’t understand other people, I’m talking about a few. How they can be so nice a minute than hit you the next second and their excuses is beacuase I love you. How they think hugging fixes the situation. I can call the police officers but other people are going to be sad if they left. They blame me beacuase I don’t want to do something they want to do. There Christians to you go to church one day than Monday all that peace and love turns to anger. There are things I don’t like and you get mad at me beacuase I don’t like those things. I guess I’m spoiled that I don’t want to be hit one minute than hug it out the next or even not be hit. You promised you would stop but you didn’t you’re not even drinking so I have no idea what to do. I can’t fight back I’m too weak. I can’t do the things I like only the things you like.  In the end, you are they one people comfort as if I’m the spooled one I don’t get it. I sit in my room crying and I get in trouble because I’m crying.
I’m scared of being vulnerable and am in denial about my whole lifeI’m scared of vulnerability. I’m pretty sad and suicidal, but i guess that’s why I’m here. I don’t feel like enough, I think about suicide every night, blah blah, blah, you have already heard it. I’m here because i just can’t talk to anybody. I don’t know if i can physically do it. I told my best friend once how i was feeling and she was so overwhelmed by it she didn’t know what the fuck to do. It took so much courage to do that, i didn’t really try again. But she had a boyfriend who would get worried about me because my friend was worried. He was also quite depressed so we depended on each other. I never really go the chance to say thank you properly to him as they broke up and we just stopped talking though. My sister has gone through a lot. I’m also a very in denial person. She told me what happened last year, but i have been so in denial about everything that i forgot. She told me i could ask fo help whenever. I knew my parents would support me but i never did. I spoke to an online councillor person this year. She wasn’t a robot, but she sounded like one. She offered websites for self helps and it just wasn’t what i expected so i stopped that. Also i was having a conversation with my friend this one time. We talked about family drama. The tip of the iceberg. Of what i remember. That night i came home and cried and cried. I hadn’t cried in ages. I didn’t know how i was gonna stop crying. I woke up the next morning crying too. I tried to stop myself a so went into the kitchen to have breakfast, but i couldn’t. My parents asked me what was wrong and i said i had too much homework. They were very supportive and nice and even n offered to speak to my teacher. I refused. That morning at school, i told my friends about how my parents were so supportive about me asking for an extension. Of course i left out the crying. One of my friends did something to upset me. It was last week but i don’t remember because of my awful selective memory. I just remember it sounded like an attack. I started crying and ran off to the bathrooms to clean up. Next thing i know i, walking into English class, convincing everyone fine and life is good. I am just so in denial about everything. I think it’s a coping mechanism. Especially since last year i was in a pretty dark place. Like i did not think i was going to make it so September (it was June/July) and then all of a sudden, one day i just felt happy and energised. It was so weird and now I’m sure it was either God or a coping mechanism. I know clinical depression runs in my family, and I probably have a problem with it but in the 4 or 5 times i have tried to reach out, it just never works. I don’t know what to do. Im scared to talk about things and don’t remember half of last year. Thanks for listening to my ted talk.
     Now Katie lived right off the highway. I remember seeing her smoking a cigarette at the end of her driveway and I got very nervous. I looked in my rear view mirror because I saw flashing lights. And when I looked back at the road, an 18 wheeler had hit me. I remember feeling my body get thrown out of the windshield. I remember the sound of screeching tires, sirens, and breaking glass. My body was launched 32 feet from the car. I had landed one driveway away from where Katie was standing. I remember Katie screaming my name and running over and holding me. She was crying. I remember tell her that I was so sorry for yelling at her. She kept saying that it was okay and that everything was okay. Tears started running down my face and I told her that I was scared. She told me she was too. She told me that I was going to be okay. I remember looking at her face, I knew by the way she looked at me that I wasn't okay. She told me that she was sorry, but me being me, I kept saying it was my fault she was mad and staying away from me. She started crying even more. She told me that being away from me was the last thing she was trying to do. I was getting cold at this point. I asked her why she kept ignoring me and why she stopped drinking. She looked me in the eyes and told me that she had stage 4 cancer. My heart dropped. I started to cry and tell her I was sorry. She kept telling me that she didn't want me to know because it would tear me apart. I asked Katie to hold me and not to let me go. She told me she would never let me go.
I am a 13 year old female. I am dealing with a lot of stress, mostly school related. I have a lot of assignments/homework due but on top of that, recently a girl and her friend (we'll call them... Julia and Mary) in my science class started teasing me. Almost taunting me. She'd say stuff like "hey my birthday's in 2 weeks wanna come to my party? HAHA just kidding you're not invited." as well as stuff like, "I just LOVE your outfit. It's so trendy." (sarcastically.) She would also invade my personal space A LOT which I don't appreciate at all. I know it sounds stupid and it didn't used to bother me much but it has been relentless for the past month or so, and it's been getting to me lately. They tease me about my outfits, who I hang out with, the stuff I like, etc. (I'm a big Harry Potter fan so they love to tease me about that.) Anyways, my best friend usually takes care of them for me with a witty comeback or a joke, because I'm terrible at that kind of thing, but I realize that she's not always going to be there when I need to deal with them.
The next day I went to the beach by myself. I was skimboarding in the bright Carolina sun when I noticed her. The girl from the pool was sitting in the sand a few feet from where I was. I remember how gorgeous she looked sitting there as the crashing waves crested her then swiftly returned to the sea. She was absolutely stunning in her bathing suit. I thought she had to be around 19-20 years old. I’d never stand a chance I thought to myself and continued on skimboarding. A few minutes pass and I notice she was looking at me. Not in my direction but at me. She was trying to grab my attention. Every time our eyes met she cracked a little smile through her long brown hair that was draped over her face. I had to do something. Something told me to get over the shyness and to just do something. So I had a plan. Remember I was a stupid sophomore at the time. I was going to do this cool trick: I would launch myself off a wave into the air and stick the landing. Well, it started out nice but I was distracted by her gaze. Carelessly staring back I had failed to see an incoming wave that sent me flying off the board and straight into the shallow water. Course sand and sharp shells tore at my back and shoulder. The pain of that mixed with salt water in the scratches made the pain quite intense. I rose from my spectacular failure to see her in her back. She was hysterical, she was laughing so hard that she was crying. A little embarrassed I started to walk up to her. As I saw her face, joyful and mostly red from laughing, I began to feel this creeping warmness that crept from the heart. It coursed through my veins. My cuts no longer hurt. I was smiling like a moron. After she was done laughing we introduced each other. We hit it off. The rest of the week was the best week of my life. She was absolutely amazing. She gave me this feeling that I’d never felt before. She gave me a feeling of belonging. I finally felt like I had a home, that I was wanted and valued by someone. She taught me to love myself and eventually I feel deeply in love with her. She is my everything. I had even lost my virginity to her.I was finally happy. I had bawled my eyes out when I was saying goodbye to her at the end of the week. I never cry.
Newly single moms/dads of little ones, how are you doing?I feel like I'm drowning.  My daughter just turned 3, my son is 4.  I left my husband 2 months ago and moved to an adorable, but small, duplex with the kids. My husband isn't well enough to see the kids or help with the kids.   Every day I take the kids to pre-school at 7:30 a.m., get to work to start at 8:30 a.m., go running on my lunch hour, pick up the kids at 5:30 p.m. on my way home, then attempt to feed/bathe/clean/survive.  We go to bed at 9pm, or I at least attempt to. I try to sleep, but something always happens.  I'm operating on about 4-6 hours a night for the past 2 months.  My work is hard, I assist 4 attorneys and feel like I'm laying ping-pong all day long.  I love my kids, but I'm starting to dread having to go home at night and deal with it.  Last night my son was up all night with diarrhea. I went to wash the sheets and had to take the other sheets out of the dryer, the ones I had to wash the night before because the cat puked on them.  I washed those along with my daughter's slippers and clothes because she peed all over the place that same day.  It's literally always something.
Very Confused...Help Please!So my STBXH got served papers on Tuesday. I did not want this divorce. He left me but I was tired of waiting for the other shoe to drop so I got a lawyer. We have a 2 year old daughter. We were supposed to have a Temp Custody hearing on monday. When he got his papers he was very upset about my custody suggestion which was one week one and one week off with midweek visitation. Completely 50/50 custody. I like this schedule because it gives our daughter time at one parent's house and gives her time to settle down some instead of being moved around constantly. My ex doesn't have money for a lawyer...so I thought. He has been trying for the last few months to get me to do the divorce without a lawyer which I wouldn't do because I want to make sure everything is fair and he tends to no be very fair and very manipulative. So today I get this email from my lawyer "Hey… Martin has an attorney. I saw her this morning and we agree that we will supply the court with an agreed temp order so we don’t have to have the temp hearing on Monday.
Life is hard.I have a good life, I just finished my first year of college and I have a great family. I guess I just feel like I have to disclaim that so people know I am complaining for no reason. But I'm so incredibly depressed... I have declared a major in computer science, and am taking a summer C++ class, and I just cannot understand the logic. This class is incredibly hard for me because it's only 6 weeks long (less than half the length of a normal college course semester), and I feel like I am jamming all this information into my mind. I'm also working 30+ hours a week and babysit a few times a week, and I feel like I barely have time to myself to self care. This subject is really frustrating me because I feel like I have no time to figure out the logic, and studying takes a long time. I have been missing work days and have slipped into an extended depressive state (sleeping but always tired, loss of appetite, no motivation to work out or see friends). Part of it is a boyfriend issue, but this class on top of that and my busy schedule just makes it the fucking cherry on top. I know I don't have it the worst out there, but honestly I'm so incredibly stressed and I feel like I'm not good enough. My dad tells me that I "don't have the right brain for a computer scientist" and that's just so degrading to me. Granted, I have been an artist my entire life, but I'm also incredibly skilled at math (mostly Calculus), so I hoped that Comp Sci would be easy for me to pick up - I thought wrong. Honestly my first comp sci class was so easy; we learned HTML and that was a blast. I like C++ too, but I think what's hard for me is the fast pace and lack of time to study as much as I want. I just feel like a failure because my parents are spending so much money on my education and I hate to feel like I let them down. I want to be good at coding, but I can't be good enough for the pace of this class. I know that if I take this class again during the fall, I will understand it more thoroughly, but my mom pulled the money card on me and it just made me feel incredibly guilty. I don't know what to do. If I fail this class, I'll just break down and I will feel so bad. I only have 1 week left of it and my grade is a 35%, I have to finish 2 more projects and 8 mini exercises, plus study for the final exam, as well as get enough hours in at work so I can get a decent paycheck. My life's a wreck, I've accepted it.
I never got to tell my full story to my parents or sisters. My older sister has been distant from me since as long as I can remember. I remember the way she never wanted to give me a kiss or a hug. No love. Unfortunately, I still feel this distance between us. We have been on holidays together and had a lot of fun because of our shared passion for surfing. But there is always a distance. She feels I’m lazy and self-centred and this has impacted our relationship as well as the one with my parents greatly. As older child, and now aspiring to be a successful young businesswoman, she is the pearl of the family. With this status, she has set the tone for who I am in the family. This hurts me deeply. I might be an opportunist in the sense that I don’t step up to do anything without it being asked, but isn’t it normal at this age to not be the one to offer tea, to set the table and to walk the dog voluntarily? What hurts me most is that I don’t even do it out of opportunism or selfishness. I simply don’t find joy in walking the dog or setting the table. Right now, it is hard for me to find joy in anything. But this is something beyond her understanding. I tried to tell her how serious my situation is by telling her about my visits to the psychologist, but somehow she cannot lay the link between these two things. Or understand this feeling of eternal sadness all the time.
To beginI'm gonna start my story with who ever reads this I'm doing this as a way to get through the pain. So I ask you to keep everything positive and thank you. The 9th of January started off as any other day, the wife and I wake up and our beautiful little girl wakes up too. She gets ready for work and I help I dont work anymore because I am 90% disabled through the V.A., but she works at a daycare and takes the little one with her and before she left she asked " Can you clean up the apartment." and I replied with " Yea I can do that love you." and she left. So I started cleaning up the toys and I became light headed so I sat down, now this has been happening to me for the last few months more and more. Then I became nauseous when I sat down so I stumbled to the bathroom and puked which then caused an asthma attack which caused an anxiety attack. So I call a veteran's hospital I go to and talk to a nurse she told me to go the an emergency room. I hang up and call my wife to tell her what's happening and she says "dont go just go sit in the shower." I replied with " I'll try but I don't know if I can." I then call my brother to see if he can come from his job to take me. He is a Lt. in the local volunteer fire Co. and has medical experience. He heard how I sounded and said he was gonna hang up and call for and ambulance for me, he did so and then called me back to tell me it was on its was and that he's was going to call my wife to tell her. After he hangs up with her I get a text from my wife again telling me not to go. At this point a police officer shows up and I ended up going unconscious on him to wake to EMS trying to get me to the ambulance. I am taken to the closes hospital. I have to put this into multiple parts so watch for the next post.
I'm ok with killing myself now, but I think someone should know why I am.When I'm at school I feel like everyone acts like my friend because they feel bad for me when I'm sitting down in class when I'm surrounded by all those people laughing and having a good time there's always screaming going on inside my head and it makes me want to start flipping tables and screaming for everything to stop but I can't I'm trapped inside my own mind with no way out and its getting louder each day, I used to sit with all of these people during lunch and we had a good time we laughed and talked an always hung out after school but now I have to sit by myself, they don't talk to me they don't ask if in alright, I check on all them still to make sure everyone's ok and that everything going good for them I even check up on my ex's but no one comes over to check on me to see if I'm ok they only come over to talk if they need a ride home and if they can borrow money to go to a vending machine but I still try talking to them because I don't have anyone in there so I take the closest thing to friends I have even if though their fake, when I talk to them its clear they don't want me around and it hurts the only reason I don't start crying in class is because I don't want people to see how broken and weak I am on the inside or that the cold stone face is just an act because that's all I have left really anything outside that mask just make it worst it feels safer to hide behind it but then when I talk to people I know they don't like me instantly I can always see it in their eyes especially girls when I talk to girls their eyes always say the same thing, this guy is unattractive and gives me the creeps what's wrong with him? Its hard not to break down in public now it's pushed me to the point when I constantly think about jumping off the highway bridge next to my school and that I'm perfectly fine with dying that I don't have any problems with it I always think that if I was given the choice to be that I would say no I don't want to live in such a world. Everything I do feels pointless I'm afraid of people leaving me behind I never intended to bother people or to burden them but somehow I find myself doing just that my last two relationships ended with my the girls saying I was stressing them out and they didn't want to deal with me anymore I always feel alone and unwanted when I'm walking around like nobody want anything to do with me like I have some sickness I know everyone's better then me I know I'm not as talented or skilled as everyone else I know I won't amount to anything I know that and I hate it but it would be nice if just once someone would tell me they know I'll do Just fine but I know that won't happen either and that's fine I'm used to it I hate everything about myself from the way I look to the way I talk even my personality. I hatemyself because I care about people even though they don't care about me and that's never stopped me even though I wish it did, I never felt good about myself people told me that I was a great person an things but I can always hear that it was forced and they don't mean it, I used to be afraid of reaching the point on my life where I'd be ok with dying but I'm not anymore actually I'm ready to die, I constantly think about it and it doesn't bother it doesn't scare me in fact the only time I ever really feel good about myself is when I'm thinking about jumping off the bridge because that makes me happier then dealing with everything else I'm ok with dying I'd welcome death with a sad smile but I would still be happier dead then living in a world that doesn't care about me. But I'm ok with dying, and some day soon hopefully I'll work up the courage to jump.
Why even try anymoreI am at a point where no matter how many people are around me I feel alone. My family is too busy for me. I come home from work and everyone is in their rooms or talking to their own friends. The few friends I have are way too busy to let me burden them. My husband is always angry with me and his way to deal with it is to ignore me. I guess he doesn't understand how I interpret that as I am just not worth his time. My kids are teenagers and don't want to be around me. They have friends and games and thier problems. I just want someone to hold me and give me attention. I guess that is too much to ask . I go to work because I have to but there is so much negativity there that I try to distract myself with audiobooks. I really wish the pain would stop. I really wish that I could run away. Nothing seems to help. I don't even think my family would notice if I didn't come home until they needed something. I hate my life. I hate it all.
I'm 17 in highschool and a friend of mines birthday is coming up. Recently she told me how she felt about me and wanted to a pursue a deeper relationship with me. We've been friends for about 3 years now. I never really saw her as a romantic interest or anything like that, but more of like "one of the guys". For this reason, I respectfully declined her and we're both cool about it and still friends. I bought her a hoodie and some makeup, things she's often mentioned that she likes. Thought nothing of it when the packages came, but my mom expressed that she wasn't really of fan of what I did. She said I'm giving my friend the wrong kind of message and that a guy has never done that sort of thing for her. I've tried explaining that it's a birthday gift, not a "sorry that I shot you down, here's some trinkets to ease the emotional burden" gift. My mom doesn't understand this though and she makes me feel guilty for what I did. I rarely speak to my mom and see her in general because she's always at work and usually gets home when I am already asleep. I see her on weekends, but when she is home I dread staying with her because she is always ordering me around or picking a fight with me or criticizing how I do things. Ever since middle school I've been developing a toxic relationship with my mother.
3)	**Exercising. Seriously.** It might sounds cliché, but holy shit does this ever help out. Lifting weights and doing hard cardio was amazing for my mental health. While you are busting your ass in the gym or at home, you leave your problems for a brief amount of time and focus on completing tasks at hand. Lift that fucking weight 7 more times, that’s all I have to do, just lift it. The physical pain and concentration to just do simple body movements, matched the pain I was feeling inside and I was finally able to match my mind and body. Being exhausted physically felt great, and it released endorphins that gave me a much needed boost for hours after a workout. It also helped with my energy levels throughout the day, I was able to feel better and more energetic, which translated into happiness over time. Walk around the block, go for a run, do a few pushups in your room, just do it, get out of breath, push yourself for no reason, feel your body, get in the moment.
Moving to a new place is taking a toll on me mentallySo long story short, my mom invested in a few properties and we had to sell our place to afford a down payment and move to a whole different city. I have a car but its an additional 45 minute drive just to go back to my old neighbourhood. I used to be able to hang out with my friends and girlfriend spontaneously but now we have to plan everything. There's nothing to do here in my new place and it doesn't have a reputation of being the safest either. I feel trapped and contained, almost as if I'm jail. I'm home alone most of the time and I'm just bored out of my mind because I can't see my friends and girlfriend as often. Things weren't going that well before but at least I as familiar with my environment and I was able to see my girlfriends and friends more often. Maybe I'm just a person that hates change because I'm really losing my interest in everything... gaming seems boring, there's always nothing to watch on netflix, and I can't find anything interesting on youtube. I feel like I'm losing my mind here because of this relocation... has anyone ever felt this way?
To My WifeI'm so fucking tired. Everything is A disappointment nothing seems like its worth it anymore, I know I won't actually send this but if I do kill myself I want you to know above everything else that I love you and im sorry for any pain I have already and ever will put you though. Im so sorry, all I've ever wanted was to make you happy but I don't know how to do that when I can't even make myself content let alone happy. I don't even know how to keep on living. I want to be better but I just don't see a point, I'm so sorry I don't know what to do. I need help but I don't know how to get it, I don't know if having you by my side is enough anymore its gotten so bad, its so much worse than its ever been and I can't handle it anymore. I'm just so fucking lost, no matter how positive I try to be I just don't know how to stop the negative from tinging everything I do and think. every day is another breakdown, every time I'm alone they only thing on my mind is planning my suicide, that's why I'm reading all the time, its the only thing that can completely take over my mind and make me stop thinking for a fucking second about how much I hate myself and everything else. At some point I'm going to break and I can see it coming and I don't know what to do to stop it everything I try nothing works and I can't talk about it because I feel selfish I know I'm not that only one feeling like shit and I know I'm the cause of the grief in the lives of those I'm in I'm a walking fucking poison that just infected every person I have the gull to get close to I'm such a selfish piece of shit that I know this and still stick around and I'm so fucking sorry, that's all I can say is that im sorry I don't know what else to do but say I'm sorry, I'm sorry I ever talked to you, I'm sorry we fell in love, I'm sorry I ever became a part of your life that will be missed once I'm gone, I'm sorry that I cause you so much pain and I'm sorry that I will probably never stop being a source of pain in your life no matter what I do or don't do.
If we fast forward to October 2007 we see that i, your writer, was at that time unemployed. I decided to take a break from it all for just a small amount of time, and towards the middle of that month I started having pains. In my lower back I would have the most excruciating pain, and it felt like it would travel up my spine. For about one to two hours I was immobile. After that the pain would pass. This happened every two weeks with the eventual result being a trip to the emergency room. When I went to the hospital I was told it was due to being obese then shipped off home. Yes I am what you would call a fat guy but that pain just didn't measure up to a fat person's problem. What could I do? At least that is how I felt. Yet again a short time passed and I was in pain once again. This time was different, this time it was horrifying, it felt like all the oxygen in the air around me was somehow gone. Truly I felt like I was suffocating but for whatever reason I tried to get through it. Maybe the doctor was right. I'm not a medical professional by any means. Slowly I learned to breathe regardless of how difficult it felt too. The pain however did not leave as it had before. After one hour I was moving into every position my body could possibly handle in small hope one of them would make me feel better. After a few minutes of that prior action I unexpectedly had to relieve myself. Quickly I move to the appropriate room and I apologize for the imagery, but this liquid is not supposed to be the brown almost black color that it was. Still I was either being arrogant or ignorant or both because I had not left yet for the hospital. Shortly after I had an unquenchable thirst, which was nearly immediately followed by excessive vomiting. Nothing too gross here as it was literally all water. Again the pain got worse. Finally I went to the hospital with my mother. On the way there I vomited more water, and in the waiting area twice more. After being placed in a room it was only after a few minutes that a doctor came in. Less than two minutes from his arrival he left, and less than two minutes later a few people were rushing in with medicinal bags and all other sorts of medical equipment.
Eager to get back into the gameAnyone else ready for all of this to be legally and officially done so we can start checking out the dating pool?  After the initial pain of moving out, I've found to enjoy living on my own and have been keeping myself busy and developing a routine.  Now the dating itch has started to hit me.  I don't want to date people for the sake of dating or get into a relationship for the sake of being in one.  But at the same time, my marriage has been over and dead for about 10 months now (and probably longer than that tbh I've loved him as a platonic friend and not really romantic) and prior to being married I didn't have time, resources, or self-esteem to really explore the dating pool and to see who is out there.  I honestly recall making mental notes that I was "settling" with my STBX husband when we were dating and engaged and hoped that things would change when we were married but nope.  I've been going through individual therapy and beginning to learn and appreciate romantic and sexual attraction and that even though a guy is "nice" it doesn't mean that he is husband material for me if I'm not attracted to him.  Now I'm ready to meet people and figure out through more trial and error of who is compatible for me.
Now, back to the story. I had removed her items from the cabinet earlier in the week and provided her with gun locks from the police station so she could rest assured I wouldn't take her things. When she demanded access again, I asked why, to which she stonewalled and just demanded the key. Well, I finally had the courage to stand up to her and abjectly say no. This song and dance repeated about 10 times until she snapped and said "if you don't give me the fucking key I'm going to fucking break the locks off" and she promptly went to the houses tool box and grabbed out the large ball peen hammer I keep. As she was doing this, I collected a few things, put them into my EDC bag that has been overburdened with documents and other survival necessities for if I had to leave abruptly, put on my all around boots and grabbed a nice rain/all weather jacket and prepared to run. When she came back out toting the hammer, she stared at me with the eyes of [Dr. Lecter](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTyU5DldR-FdVeIa7Jq5EYnpekeyJBdPYzvRYUwbIy13vtnWgIt7g) and repeated her question and I repeated my response and then dialed 911 on my phone but didn't call. I moved towards the door and calmly as I could stepped out into the rain and closed the door. (Thankfully she didn't rush me and as calmly as I walked out she walked to the room where the gun cabinet is...)
Divorced 18 months. Lost all my friends, family and kids. I'm lonely and sad.I'm 47(m).  Was married for 25 years. Two kids.  I've been divorced 18 months.  My Ex(w) met in college and all of our friends were our friends together.  We still hung out with them up until the divorce.  We used to go on family vacations as a big group every year.  After the divorce, my Ex worked really hard at retaining the friends.  She is really outgoing and extroverted.  I just have standard visitation with my children, so since she has custody most of the time, she continued to plan vacations.  When friends come into town, they call her to go out to dinner.  Well, I thought that I would work hard to re-establish my friendships, so I tried to hang out with them.  I called; invited them out, etc... I gave my best-friend all of my tools and power equipment from the divorce since I couldn't keep that stuff.  Anyway, I noticed on FB that my friends went out to dinner with my Ex, but they never reach out to me.  I asked my best friend why they don't reach out to me and he said, "when you left Jill, you gave the big middle finger to all your friends.  You burned a lot of bridges."  I don't remember burning any bridges.  I lost all my friends and I didn't really do anything.  I was in a lot of pain and just not reaching out to anyone for the first few months of my divorce.
I'm lost, scared and alone and the only reason I'm still holding on is for my little sister and daughter though even then it's a constant struggle. I wrote my suicide note 2 nights ago... no one has found it. I started cutting again after being completely clean for a long time and now there's more wound than arm. Only my partner knows and he just lectures me and belittles me for them... I've sat and thought of ways to do it and I've attempted it before. The last serious attempt was when my daughter was 3 months old and they almost took her away from me fearing I'd be a danger to her. I've never nor will I ever hurt my personal sunshine... if I did try and fail then they'd take her off me for good, my family would abandon me (as they've already told me they will if I loose her) and I'd have nothing to go on for... I have had times where I've tried to drown myself or my partner has had to snatch pills out of my hand but nothing dire ever really happened...
So at 16 I had moved into my moms and her new boyfriends house. Slowly over time, due to a combination of poor diet, no excercise, bad habits, and just general aging, my good looks faded away. Me breaking my nose twice during my life didn't help, as this completely destroyed most of my upper face and actually moved my cheekbones so that my whole face is completely asymmetrical. My hair has become extremely thin and my hairline has receded a good inch. My jaw was corrected through surgery recently but my jawline is so steep that my face looks like a jalapeno. I know I sound like a shallow, self-centered piece of shit but these are things that flood my mind every day. All I do now is reminisce on how I used to look, and ruminate on how ugly I have become. I have never had a kiss because I was always embarassed when girls approached me when I was young. And I completely screwed up every chance I had. Now I have grown up to be ugly and my capacity for emotion has completely been stripped away. I am a toxic, neurotic, disgusting person. My dad has passed away and despite all of the havoc he has caused to my life, I still miss him so much and love him.
I still think about him. I don't like to sleep anymore because when I do, I have about a 50/50 chance of getting a weird dream. What happens is that I'll be somewhere pleasant and all my friends will be there. Current ones, of course but also dead ones or friends I've fallen out with. It feels so good to interact with them as if they're still here and be out at this pleasant place having a party....until you wake up. You realize that you're still in your pathetic existence waking up to your abusive mother drunkenly babbling about some random shit, her voice instinctively sounding like nails on a chalkboard while you just lay there in your bed, unable to move and you....just start crying. I'm not a sensitive man, I find it hard to cry but seeing his face again alongside all my other past friends really gets to me. It's a feeling worse than death as you lay there in misery, crying your eyeballs out every other day and paralyzed besides the tears rolling down your face. It's like I'm chained to the bed, I can't move for hours on end, sometimes for up to 6-8 hours even though I'm already running off 6 hours or less of sleep (I haven't slept a full 10 hours since January 11th, 2018. Wonder why....). But yet you still have to get up and face the day, your family won't believe you when you say that you need mental help, your friends will just tell you that it gets better and the internet will think that you're a lunatic. Before you ask, I've tried apologizing and he told me to leave him alone as he can't deal with my issues, which I understand. I miss him but he doesn't miss me, I'll respect that even if it continues to eat away at me.
I don't think I have anything to look forward to.I will never understand how I got to the point I'm at. For the past 7 years I have been a complete and total wreck with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and suicidal thoughts, every year just getting worse and worse. For the past two months I've woken up and have tried my hardest to think about the best things that have happened in my life instead of the bad things that have happened and it helped, immensely. For the first time ever, someone has come in to my life that I want to be there. Every tough time, she would be there. Every exciting moment, she would be there. Everytime I need or want someone to talk to, she would be there. However, this doesn't seem to be the case. I am slowly losing her. I am losing her and there is nothing I can do about it. Everyday I feel I'm losing her, my chest hurts, my heart aches, and my stomach drops. I can't see my life without her in the future, whatever that intales. Now I'm questioning my entire existence. Why am I here? Why should I wake up everyday? What should I look forward to if I can't even find a person that I want in my life that will stay? Why think about a future? Why not just end it? Why is my life like this? Why am I like this? People around me say "we love you," "you're doing great," and "you're a great guy," yet every compliment seems empty as if they are just telling me this to just make me feel better with no intentions of trying to. When will my life get better? When will I finally be happy? Or perhaps I am here to give people my happiness? If that's the case, maybe I should just end it all. I have no happiness to spread to anyone, so I guess I've fulfilled my purpose. All good things come to an end. Actually, all things come to an end. I'm no longer good for anyone. Just a lifeless, worthless, living corpse wasting resources for the people who are happy on this planet.
Life itself.Has anyone ever sat and thought about how life is actually set up? Everything is a fight. True love and happiness are more conceptual than fact. The reality of having to literally pay to live on this planet... that you didn't ask to come to in the first place. The fact that evil and wrong prevails in most of human history. True friendship is mostly a pipedream. Not always, but mostly. The eventual end of life, which leads most to question its purpose. I just sit and look back on my life... reviewing my experiences. My absent father. My abusive mother. The ridicule and rejection I've endured for nearly all of my life. The inability to establish deep, meaningful relationships with people. The numerous times I've tried to improve my life with little to no success. The impending health crisis I now face. The fact that no woman in her right mind would ever love or even date me. I sit and think about all of this, and wonder why I waited so long to finally bring myself to end my life. What the hell kind of purpose did my life serve? Does the universe demand that some poor soul be made to simply exist and watch others be happy? Am I simply on this fucking planet to remind other men of how lucky they are to be able to get the positive attention of women? I think about that and say, "fuck whatever created me. Fuck it. I don't care how powerful it is. It sucks, and is unworthy of praise or worship." Oh well. I just wanted to rant for a few. Who ever reads this, thanks for doing so. The day of release is fast approaching, and these posts are indeed my final thoughts and feelings.
Just let me go!So, I’ve been going through a divorce for almost 5yrs! I have a family law specialist on my side. She has been changing attorneys what seems like every year, she is on her 5th attorney. We have a 9yr old son and no assets together. She’s fighting for half of her attorney fees, as of 2 mos ago spousal support (which she did not need) to claim him during taxes and the ability to pick and choose where he goes to school. She’s self employed and claims that she makes 36k a year. Which is BS she pays 34k a year but pays 2500 a month in rent. My attorney and everybody involved know she’s lying. We sent over a discovery that is due Monday on her income and are going to take a more aggressive approach if she keeps playing games. I assume the reason it’s taken so long is because of the firing and hiring of her attorneys, they have to learn the case and do their job. All the meanwhile I’ve accrued a hefty bill of my own. Fault of my own? Can she be held accountable for half of mine since she’s been dragging this on?
A post before going to workMy depression has really been under my skin lately. It's always been there but now it feels more and more real. I hate my job and I don't know why. Maybe because its a reminder of all my own issues and fears - sickness, old age, mental problems, loneliness - I just hate it. The day goes by quickly thankfully but it feels like a car crash in slow motion - the tension, adrenaline, stress - and then it ends and you deal with the repercussions of it - feeling tired, feeling regret, feeling gross. I shower and watch TV and go on the internet till it becomes too late. I either have to go back and do this, feel all of this again the next day or have a day/days off and dread the day I have to go back to do this again. No one is forcing me to do this except myself and I am aware of that. But I'm in my thirties. I feel obligated towards my parents and not be another screw up of child. I am not very ambitious. I has dreams and hopes but I was too afraid to make them happen when I was young and now I am too old for them. I increasingly think of suicide and it doesn't help that my family members feel the same way because their lives are terrible.
To be honest the idea of just going in the garage and getting in my car, turning on the engine and just drift off sounds amazing but I can’t do it.I really don’t feel I have much left to give society, I just get into fights with my Bf, I can’t stand my stepson, the house I live in we ran out of money remodeling 2 years ago. So it’s a damn nightmare. I lost my job because of my depression I am almost 40 and I am a failure. I have tried everything I just always go back to my dark thoughts. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I cry all the time, I feel so alone and empty. The pain is the worst and the worst part is you know you are your own worst enemy. I just want someone to help me and listen and not call me ungrateful or yell at me. I am just so fed up with everything. The garage is the best thing I could come up with because I am a coward but I can’t even do this. I don’t want to disappoint my family and friends, even though they are horrible to me. I just know what Robin Williams felt like, to be surrounded with people yet feel so alone. I sometimes at night make packs with God, higher powers, psychics I just want something bigger then me to help me find my path, I am just so lost.
I really can't take the adversarial nature of this profession.  It erodes what little humanity I have left.  I can't stop working as an attorney because I have to pay my student loans.  I'm completely miserable.  I'm not suicidal, but I have often thought of how I can't be discharged of my student debt unless I die.  And that seems like the only logical solution for me to do what I want (which is not be an attorney).  People think I'm an attorney and it's all la-ti-da and all this shit, but it fucking sucks people.  Your clients are constantly upset if you don't win their case 100%.  Other attorneys are constantly scheming you to find some back-door way to fuck you (and your client) over.  If you're thinking about being an attorney, think long and hard (that's what she said).  I'm trapped.  I'm miserable.  I can't leave the state because then I can't work.  I can't quit because I have to repay the $172k in student loans.  Fuck this profession. Only other attorneys truly understand what I'm talking about - and it's still taboo to open up about mental health because when you're screened before becoming an attorney they flat out ask you if you have mental health issues.  It's also a fast-track to a disciplinary hearing.
Need help with a big decision!! URGENT!!Ok....this is going to be very, very long, but I'll try to make it as short and concise as possible. So I was depressed about a year ago....and I was sitting on the roof of my school in the evening. The academic block was totally empty...well, thats what I initially thought. I had just lost the school elections...and was almost on the verge of tears. But then, there was this one girl, who came up to me and consoled me. We became really good friends after that. Well, long story short, she was the reason I slowly but steadily became happier and more satisfied in life. She became someone i could go to with anything and basically, our friendship became really strong. We knew a lot of stuff about each other and helped each other out whenever needed. The only problem with this was, she was a senior and almost a month ago, she left school to start college(just btw, is a boarding school). To be honest, when she left, I broke down in front of a teacher, which was damn embarrassing. But i was fine for a week or so because we used to call each other and stay up late, just talking and making fun of each other. It was alright for a while. But then, she started to withdraw. She would not respond to my texts for days on end, and would respond with only a sentence or so and stop talking abruptly. This went on and on until she started ignoring me completely(idk if she was actually ignoring me, but she did not respond to my texts for like two weeks). Now, she wants to talk to me again. To be honest, i am not sure if i should start speaking to her on a regular basis, because i dont want to get hurt again.
I'm not good at anything.I want to be good at school. I came to a state university right after high school, did mediocre my first year, on my second year and failing every class. I want to do well and get a degree, but it seems like I'm just not smart enough. My biggest fear is to drop out and have to go home where I have no friends, a family I don't get along well with, etc. At school I have many friends and love who I surround myself with and I don't want it to end. However no matter how hard I try it's not good enough. I study and study and study and when I go to my exam I just fucking blank. I cannot tell you how many uppers induced all nighters I've pulled to study and still get terrible grades. I just don't know why I can't do this. I don't wanna go home. I feel worthless. Like a waste of oxygen and space. I would say my parents would be pissed at my performance but they aren't paying a dime for my education. sure they'll be disappointed in me but what's new. I just don't know what to do anymore.
I want to kill myself but can't because I need to play Fallout 4.You might think this is a joke. It isn't. I've wanted to kill myself for a long while now, probably since around 12 years old. The only thing that alleviated my depression when I was younger was Fallout 3. It was the best game I'd ever played. I swore to myself when I got bored of FO3 (two years after it came out) that I wouldn't kill myself until Fallout 4 was released. I didn't count New Vegas, because, well, it sucked. Now that 4 is coming out, I don't know what to do with myself. I still want to die, but I can't just keep pushing it off until the next Fallout release. I'm addicted to the series, yes, but I'd like to have some motivation to live other than a video game. I feel so pathetic. I've attempted suicide twice before and been admitted to a ward for two weeks once, which only made things worse. What else is there to live for? People generally bore or upset me. I have a girlfriend, friends, family, pets, a job, everything I could really ask for. I'm not allowed to get medication as I'm still under my parents insurance. I'm working on going back to therapy, but my parent's think my depression is just in my head.  I'd really love some advice, or just someone to talk about random shit online with.
She finally joined me in January, which I saw as the real beginning of us fixing our problems. Instead, it began 11 months of me desperately trying to win back her affection, without a single effort made in return. I left work at work, at 5pm every day, which as a teacher basically meant leaving some work not done. I started doing about 80% of the household chores. At a particularly low point, I watched hours and hours of videos on how to be a more confident, manly man. What little intimacy I could plead her into from the past couple of years had now dropped to zero. From her perspective, I believe she already had her mind made up at least before she even broke the news to me in June 2011, and that not leaving while I tried to fix things was the best effort she could muster. She did end up going to counseling, but only allowed me to join her twice - on her 5th and 6th meetings, I believe. The session mostly consisted of her explaining to the counselor why she wasn't happy, and the counselor nodding and asking more questions.
MylifeAll mylife i been bullied had ese classes cause of my academics an once i got to high school i dropped out because my parents didnt think i was doing well so they wanted me to stay home . I dropped out in 10th grade and been doing nothing for the past year and couple of months. An i tried to do GED but its too hard and tried going back to school and they wont allow me back nor going to differnt county school they wont allow me either i am 17 years old almost 18 . An at this point i dont know what to do with mylife my parents want me to go see if i can go to school but want me to go out of county by myself on a train and come back thinking i can register myself when they know i cant and second they said they wont accept me like why is mylife set up too fail . I have no friends i cry everyday and i dont go outside and socialize because im bipolar and my parents call me a worthless shit and suspect me to do stuff myself. Like i just want to kill myself and have to worry about nothing anymore.
My wife started doing cross fit this past January.  I noticed that she was getting closer with the owner, who is about 8 years older than me (she's 39, he's 44).  She told me that she was going to a group nutritional counseling session and I later found out that it was a one-on-one session.  I also went through her emails and found out that she was emailing him back and forth - nothing overly personal, but it did seem like they were very friendly, which made me uncomfortable.  I brought him up several times to her and she would accuse me of being jealous and punishing her for what happened with the plumber previously.  I continued to check her email and would see notes with her asking him if he was ok and that he seemed "off" at the group class that morning.  When I confronted her about it, she (rightfully so) blew up that I was checking her email and said that he is a friend and that she was being nice and that if she is concerned about someone, she has the right to check on them.  She mentioned separating at that point.  When I brought up counseling, she initially said no, then agreed, but was very hesitant.  She said that I should get psychological help because something was wrong with me mentally.
Just feeling like trying to get life over with.Shot down by every fucking girl I ask. Fifteen damn years old and not a single fucking hug or kiss. No talents or special abilities. Not good at anything. People get mad at me when I try to help because I can't do shit. I'm literally worthless. No future ahead of me. B's and C's average, how the fuck do I get in college? No money for that. Family never supported me. Bullies everywhere. Whenever I try to talk to someone they either don't support me or don't give a fuck. Just want some help. Never had a true father-figure to look up to. Dad's always working for the family. No friends. Sometimes I feel like the only friend I have is alcohol. Obviously no self confidence or ambition whatsoever. Self-conscious and insecure about everything about myself. Wasn't ever someone talk to. Just wish I could have some help or fucking therapy. Always the goddamn laughingstock. Sorry if this sounds like goddamn lyrics- just got done listening to Bastard for the hundredth time.
Separated for about a year. Found someone else. Need to move states (2 hours away), have what I think to be reasonable child care solution but I can’t bring myself to talk to him about it.So longer story (apologies for it being a bit clunky it’s a long story and I’m on my phone): moved to America 2 years ago for his job. I (34F) was starting to feel unhappy in the relationship back home but I was convinced that heading off on this ‘adventure ‘ would be great. I thought I’d give it a go as I wasn’t ready to give up at that point. Naive. Being away from my friends and family was extremely more difficult than I could’ve imagined. Being forced together with no respite was probably the worst thing to happen for us. I made some fellow parent friends (as always he does not do this) so I got some folks to chat with and our child (6) had friends to play with too. This helped but it’s hard making new friends! I tried my best to make the start of his job go as well as poss, kept the house, made sure child was taken care of and tried to be supportive as poss all while putting my career on hold.
The future I won't get to seeI am still in our house- he has moved out. Most of his things are still here. I was missing him, so I sat down and started looking at his photo albums. There were pictures of him as a baby, and then as a little boy. I would smile and think "There is that Transformer toy he loved so much, and that little dog that he grew up with." Then there were pictures of him from adolescence and high school, and finally pictures of him from college- and I started to be in those. I would think "I remember when he had that t shirt! And that old car he used to drive!" And I would look at a picture of us, and we both looked so young, and I'd remember being there and what we were doing when the picture was taken. The pictures spanned along through our first apartment, to our wedding, to moving into our house, etc. He even had pictures in it from just earlier this year. And suddenly it hit me that I'm not going to be a part of the future of that photo album. Over time, it will fill up with new pictures-- of him in outfits that I didn't help him pick out, of him turning 50, his hair turning gray, him standing next a new woman, etc. And maybe someday, 20 years from now, another woman will sit with these albums and page through the pictures and she'll be marveling over the life of this man that she shares her life with. And I'll just be a chapter of his world- just his 'first wife'- I won't be the one who is sitting with him, remembering all the good old days. And I thought of my own photo albums, and how I will feel, 20 years from now, looking at my old pictures of him and wondering where he is now, and what he looks like, and if he ever thinks of me. God, this is just so hard.
This is a throw away account for reasons I will disclose later in this post. I never thought I'd be writing here, but on March 11th, my husband of 2 years (We'd been living together for 11 years) packed his clothing and left a manila envelope with the words 'Divorce Paperwork' in black marker in the direct center. The paperwork states "Irreconcilable Differences" and in a note he has stated that I will be left ownership of our residence (Townhouse), my car, half of our checking account, 33% of our invested income, as well as half of the primary/auxiliary savings accounts. The court date is set for mid April, and I still haven't processed anything. I went to my husbands office, and tried to talk with him on the 12th. I was denied access to the building and they told me that they were instructed not to speak with me about him. I called up our mutual friends, and they can't seem to get a hold of him. My in laws will not speak with me. His number has been changed. Last week, I spoke and met with his attorney and he told me that I should focus on seeing an attorney instead of working things out with my husband.
Seeking adviceSo both my best friend ( don’t worry she gave me permission to share her story and see if anyone had advice) and I have depression so the past few years I have been trying to help her as much as I can as will she has a terrible home life no one really to talk to and has struggled with depression for a long time. Recently she has gotten a lot worse and she literally has no where to go because she has already tried and it has gotten into deeper shit( her situation is really complicated so I am trying my best to summarize) so basically she has gotten a lot worse and actually hasn’t slept in 40 hours on account of every time she closes her eyes she sees it again( she was raped at a young age) . She claims this has never happened before and has just started it now . I was thinking taht it could be possible that something may have triggered it. Again she is unable to go for treatment as her parents probably won’t let her and it was her dad who did it and she went to court for it but they didn’t believe her and her mom and she will probably refuse. So my question is has any ever been in a similar situation where you can’t go to sleep at night and a traumatic experience keeps coming back even though it has been awhile ago and does anyone have any advice on how to fall asleep for her.
Girl I was talking to brought up she wasn’t ready for a relationship for no reason. I kinda knew it was coming because she had been acting weird a few days after a great date we had. It literally feels like things did a 180 a few days after that date. Anyways, I told her to tell me the truth and be brutally honest with me because I didn’t wanna waste my time waiting for her just for her to go to another guy/her ex. She tells me she doesn’t talk to her ex and that she thinks i’m amazing and would love to keep hanging out and talking to me and we’d see what happened because she liked me. She told me she just didn’t wanna waste her time because she didn’t feel comfortable with herself and wanted to get her shit together. She told me to trust her. Skip to 10/27 around 1 am, I check her snap story and it’s of her at a party and the last snap on there is of some guy with the caption “Oh hello thereeeee 🤤”. I proceeded to uncharacteristically have a mental breakdown. Punching myself, slamming my head on the floor, and it climaxed at me trying to hang myself in the closet with a belt. I’ve been burned so much in the past by girls and i’m just so tired of it. I really liked her. My heart hurts.
ThoughtsThis world holds less and less for me with every passing day. It's dull, repetitive, and does not deserve to be called a "Gift." A "Gift" cannot be forced upon anyone, it must be taken willingly. Yet I was forced into this life, without any say in the matter. Everyday I wish I was somewhere else, not dead mind you, just somewhere else. On a different plain of existence or possibly a different dimension or reality. However it's become painfully clear I only have one possible means of escape. I only ask why? That's all my days have been reduced to, merely one why after the other. Day in, day out. Can't I go somewhere else? A place where this anguish of confusion will cease? Why am I stuck here? Why does no one else seem to dwell on these matters as I do? The saddest part is I feel I will never have what it takes to actually end it. I'll simply think of the idea over and over but never bring it to fruition. So here I am. Stuck. Confused. Tormented. Furious. Scared. And above all else running out of motivation to do anything about it.
I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stopI want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop I want this to stop
    One of the men told me it was my fault his brother had died and that I was going to pay from what I did. It didn't register in my head what he was talking about at first, but then, it came to me, he was talking about the wreck. I tried to tell him that I didn't do anything wrong and that his brother had hit me. I guess he didn't want to hear this cause he told me that I was going to pay for it all. The second guy had pocked a needle into my arm and injected me with what looked like a blue liquid. My body went numb, I couldn't speak or move. They took me out back to a pile of boxes and sat me in the middle of them. They poured gasoline on and around me and lit a match. As I was engulfed in flames, I wanted to scream and get away but I couldn't. I was burning alive and couldn't do anything to stop it. So many thoughts ran through my head. I thought about how I wish it would have been me and not my friends or the guy. How I wish I could have told them goodbye, how I wanted to at least say goodbye to my mom one last time. As I sat there burning, I knew that this what the end and I couldn't do anything to stop it.
So I have been going to college and some buddies that I graduated high school with went to the same college as me. We were all really great friends to begin with but that freshman year we all were extremely close. We drank, partied, cried and laughed. It was great. But throughout the summer last year, they slowly stopped talking to me. I just figured it was because they were busy or whatever and things would be the same when we went back to school. I ended up living with one of the friends for the first part of the semester. But about a month in they stopped talking to me all together. I was always the one trying to make an effort to hang out and do stuff and when we did hang out, tensions were tight for some reason. So around December I decided to get my own place with my girlfriend. But I became very depressed. I was lonely. I had my girlfriend, but with classes all day, her working days and myself working nights, there was very little "us" time.
Stopped caringSo here the deal - I don’t consider myself depressed and I’m not sad. I have a pretty good life.  I’m married (not happily) and have a two kids.  Both are my world...but I don’t want to live.  I don’t see a purpose for myself.  I look at my life and I honestly know my kids would be better without me.  I feel almost trapped here in a prison of a life.  I think maybe God is punishing me for something I did in another life.  I know that sounds crazy but I can’t figure out why I’m here.  I attempted awhile ago (15 years) but chickened out at the end...that attempt led me to a psych ward.  I pay to God to take my life over anyone else’s.  Why does an innocent child die and I live.  It’s stupid.  God has his chance the other day.  I was driving home and nearly got in a very bad car wreck...I wasn’t wearing my seat belt.  Somehow I didn’t hit the car in front of me.  That was the chance to die without guilt.  Why am I still here.  I just want to die.
I hate this so much. I feel so alone.So, I struggled with depression all through my teenage years and up until about 22 or 23.  I got better at that point.  I wound up in a long term relationship, I finally found the job I was meant for.  Things were going good.  Fast forward to now.  I'm 28.  My divorce will be finalized in February.  I still have my perfect job, I'm highly regarded there, but it feels like that's all I have.  I got over the hurt from the separation and impending divorce.  I was doing ok from that even.  Recently though every time I've tried to go on dates either I get stood up, I talk to a girl for like 2 weeks and when were finally about to go on a date she disappears and I never hear from her again, etc.  That kind of thing.  A lot of my friendships seem so fleeting and one wAY.  I feel like I have to make the effort to hang out with them or else I would never see any of them.  A lot of my good friends I lost due to my ex wife causing all kinds of stupid drama and people to not want to hang out with us.  Now because of the shitty luck with dating, friends that make no effort to see me, and just being lonely I general I've gotten to where I can't stand it.  Every time I've been stood up, blown off it just sends me into this deep dark spiral of depression.  I often cry myself to sleep and just drown my sorrows in drugs, which I've never had a problem with in the past because I just hate this lonlieness so much.  I went out with  some friends who were a couple one night and was the third wheel.  When I got home the floodgates of depression just opened and I had a breakdown where I curled myself into a ball and just cried for 2 hours.  Ive been thinking suicidal thoughts more and more recently.  I just want meaningful companionship and I feel like everyone sucks or I'm just the most worthless person of all time, which then further feeds my suicidal thoughts and just utter hopeless depression.  Help me not want to kill myself reddit, because I don't see the point in not doing it anymore.  The only people that for real give a fuck are my parents and my cats.  But cats love unconditionally, so I don't feel like they count.
Even if there is someone out there who loves you, do you still feel worthless?I always had this feeling of worthlessness. No matter what I did I couldn't make my parents happy. I tried out all sorts of things but couldn't find anything I am exceptionally good at. There would be always someone better than me. Maybe I didn't try hard enough or maybe I was just inferior. I accepted the latter. I always thought if someone loves me for who I am maybe I won't feel so worthless, inferior. Maybe I will be able to love myself. For some reason parents' love didn't work for me. Because, I always think they don't love the person I AM. They just love their SON. They don't love who I have become. If I wasn't blood related to them would they still love someone like me? I don't think so. So, I wanted someone who will love me for who I am. Whatever I am. If someone loves me for who I am then maybe I won't feel so worthless. Maybe, i will even be able to love myself. So, I sought out love, I confessed to my childhood friend whom I loved for years and then when she rejected me, my inferiority and worthlessness just grew.  One year later I fell for someone else, I had this feeling that maybe she can love me. Even though I was rejected when I confessed her, she said she was happy to know it. And after one and half year she confessed me. Told me, she loves me. And I was so happy. Thought that finally I will be able to change. But, I didn't change. I was naive to think that if someone loves me then I will be able to find some worth in myself. And right now I am feeling so worthless that I posted here for the first time. So, is there someone like me? Do you still feel worthless even if someone out there loves you for who you are? How do I stop it? How do you stop it? I always thought of suicide. I attempted once. But, apparently I am also a coward. So, I can't even do that now. At this point of life I don't know what am I supposed to do. How long I am supposed to live like this.
In 2014 after that whole ordeal I woke up one day and decided enough was enough. How much time had just slipped by? Was I really going to live like this? Was I going to let this series of unfortunate events ruin me? I decided to move forward, but no one would hire me. As it so happens I'm very good with technology. Basically I can spend a day with any new tech and have a solid idea of how it works, how to maintain it, use all features, troubleshoot problems, and even repair it. It isn't that big of a deal but apparently many people don't adept to it very quickly. On top of that I'm good at building computers, repairing desktops, and laptops. I had a somewhat marketable skill where I could fix things for people and through word of mouth I was out and about mainly repairing desktops and laptops for money. It wasn't a real job per say, the money was hardly adequate, and I have a strong dislike for strange environments but I was able to pick myself up a little. Still though I had responsibilities to my family, I was all over the place every other day, and I just couldn't get a job. I was stressed no matter what.
Anyhow. I'm vaguely aware they took me in an elevator and up to the intensive care unit. I had an IV of saline and an IV of the laxative into my nose and an IV in my hand for blood drawing and heart monitors hooked up to a machine and a periodic inflating blood pressure cuff and my own tv, all to myself! I watched an episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force around midnight. Be aware, this show is even weirder on many drugs. Then I slept for approximately 12 hours, though I'm told I woke up sometimes and insisted on being disconnected from my many wires so I could use the real bathroom and not a bedpan because I WANT MY DIGNITY DAMN IT and said really mean things to my mom and the nurses. Oops. They had me sign a form to admit myself voluntarily to the psychiatric unit and then apparently I accused the woman of bullying me into it? Oops again. Apparently I was possessed by the devil - later I kicked a chair and said "fuck you!" and I do not remember that. Cool.
The years passed with Nicole becoming more and more erratic and depressed. She started drinking when she was 13. That's also when she started cutting. I noticed blood on her pants once, but just assumed she had started her period unexpectedly one day. I didn't think for a moment it was because she was cutting her legs open. Eventually she ran out of unmarred flesh and moved to her stomach. And then her arms. And that's when I noticed. I confronted her about it, and she told me to "fuck off" and "mind my own business." So I arranged therapy and counseling sessions. She fought so hard against it but I begged her to try. I told her it might help, because I didn't know what to do. She told me I was "fucking useless" and she should have "stayed with dad." That hurt me most, considering everything he had done to her and all I tried to do was help. But after a lot of fighting, she finally agreed to go. In therapy, she was unresponsive and bitter, or she would make up stories to tell the therapist rather than actually talk about her problems.
I hate youThrow away for obvious reasons) i went out with this girl for four years. After it ended, not even a month later she had another boyfriend. Did those four years mean nothing to you? you had already gotten over me in that small amount of time? of course she  didn't guys, she cheated on him with me for two months and until she finally said we can't be friends and cut me off. but not only that, she took all of my ("OUR" FRIENDS I GUESS) friends and turned them against me, i was left heart broken with no friends and (thank god) i had my family to lean on. Fucking heartless bitch i can't believe i still think about you a year later, It's not fair you had someone (you don't even deserve btw, because you're cock  thirsty) to buffer the pain of our separation. You deserve to cry like me, to be depressed for months, to mask the pain with drugs only to uncover ten times the original pain when you become sober, you didnt go through anyhting, i bet you had a great time this last year you frosty bitch. I honestly have never seen manipulation like that, you don't deserve to be on the same planet as me, I HATE YOU SO MUCH AND I WISH I HAD NEVER MET YOU
I wanted to follow up without hijacking the original thread.  My date went very well, in spite of the worse case scenario coming true.  My STBX and I have only been separated since Oct 1. due to her affair.  So with the New Year I decided I was going to get on match and POF and just check things out.  Long story short, I get a number, make a call, have a nice chat, agree to meet and last night was our first meeting.  It was going pretty well.  She was attractive, fun to talk to and I was really enjoying myself.  Then it happened.  I look over and the AP has just walked in.  Okay, eyes forward, focus on the date.  She promptly noticed my change, and I told her what was going on and I described my Ex.  I didn't want to look around.  Sure enough, she spots my ex.  I couldn't believe it.  100 bars in this area and they show up at the same one, on a Thursday night!  My date was amazing, she grabbed my hand and moved over to sit next to me.  She reassured me that it was fine, and that she having a great time.  So freaking cool of her to do that.  I was torn, part of me wanted to attack the AP... not hurt him, just maybe put a drop of hot sauce in his eye.  Part of me wanted to run away.  But most of me was enjoying being in the company of a woman that wasn't criticizing me for anything and was supporting me.  No eye contact from the STBX or the AP, or even the other couple (who I once called friends).  They had one beer and left.  My date said "You won, you're so amazing".
Fast forward to today (my early 20’s). I never moved out because my mom would constantly tell me I’d probably die on my own and she’s more than willing to allow me too. Low key I haven’t left because of my dad still, I don’t want to leave him with her. I had a girlfriend at the beginning of the year. My mom everyday would tell me how she was horrendous, she probably only wants me for my money and that I’ll probably force her away because I’m a sad piece of crap basically. In February she broke up with me because she said I became to distant and cold, at that moment I didn’t think about why she was doing this. The voice in my head, that would be drowned out by another telling me everything will be ok, became louder and said “mom was right. You always fuck things up.”  About 2 weeks ago I told my mom I had 3 job interviews lined up for jobs that pay way more than my current one. One even means I’ll be working for the state and will make more than enough to survive on my own (possibly even try to find a nice girl and start a family). My mom’s reaction was to point out that I owe $5000 on my car still and that no one would accept it for a trade in because I smoke in the car and I constantly fuck up. She went on to say I’ll never get my shit together, that who would hire me? I never get nice haircuts (according to her I should have a buzz cut, as a kid she would forcibly hold me down and shave my head to a 3 with the clippers. She only stopped because one day my grandfather came over and walked in on her doing it and ripped her off me and said “if I ever catch you doing that shit to my grandson again I will fucking kill you you dirty chink whore!”), I have bad teeth and I’m too fat to even do anything. When she could even finish her rant I ran to my room and made that noose.
Decided on divorce today.Im sorry if this is a rant, but no clue who to really tell this to. Today, my husband hit me, hard. Unfortunately this isnt the first time but i put up with it and hid it from family because i felt i had no resources. Basically meaning..ok i tell family but where do i go? We have a daughter and despite my husbands relationship to me was always loving to her and she had a great home that i felt selfish to remove her from(yes i know this sounds stupid) besides the physical abuse the emotional abuse wqs almost worse. Ive been alienated from friends and most family. I thought i had no way out as a stay at home mother. After the incident today my hero of a dad showed up, police were called and husband was arrested. My dad has been amazing and said he will get me through this and my aunt has offered to let me and little one stay with her, get me a great job and help me rebuild my life. Im excited for the future and the possibilities i havent had in years since weve been together 12 married 5. I guess my only problem is, even after all the hurt and pain i stlll love my soon to be ex. Instead of flashing back to horrible events my mind keeps playing all the good ones. The cuddles,  playing,,  inside jokes and strong bond. Does that ever go away? Im scared i wont make it. I guess im not really looking for answers im just so torn and broken, feeling like a knife is in my heart. It gets better someday,right?
man i messed up but time will healpretty much this is my summary of me and sorry for the long post! ......im a 21 guy that does bodybuilding and i do a bunch of stuff lol. But for the stress i have is this....i got really bad credit like under 500 from things i shake my head to like a voluntary repo to things i couldn't pay cause of having no money from switching temp jobs. good thing the debt is under 3000 dollars. my cars i had transmission problems and engine knocks but i been saving but ill have a 2500 down payment like in 3 weeks but i stress no one will take my down payment on a truck since my credit is bombed. also another thing that i stress is my relationship....i recently moved back to KY with my mom from GA and i had i girlfriend there and i miss her a lot and i had to leave her cause i been forced to move to this super small town in KY. i had some much opportunities (bodybuilding and football etc)  in Georgia but i couldn't stay cause i couldn't find a stable job to get a place on my own and stay. i had interviews in GA but i never got a call back and i been with bad temp agencys where they promised me the job but let me go in the end. Im a great worker i never had problems at all. pretty much i need patience but its starting to hurt me every day. what should i do to relax and stay focused?? any feedback i get i will appreciate it a lot.
I'm sick of putting myself in places trying to help/be a part of something, as I add nothing, no one cares, I am forgotten. Well, the person you forget is me. That's fucking me. That is who I am. If that's what I get for being me, I don't want to be anything anymore, because that's what it feels like already. I'm not worth anything, why do I have such a privileged life? I'm screwing it up. You know how you'd rather stop the car rather than try to save that crazy sick ass drift turn next to a cliff? Well I'd rather jump off that cliff than let this life grow further sour because of me not doing shit to fix it. I don't want to commit suicide, but I don't want to live. I'm fucking up a gift of a life, all I can pay attention to is how I feel. Disregard all of this blabber if you even got this far. It doesn't matter. I'll just stop feeling. I turn it all into pain, I don't want to feel anymore it's not worth it. Every time I think I find love I'm stabbed in the back and left to bleed out in the rain, and it only happens because I'm too gullible and naive to get out of the way before I'm weighted down too much.
She and my son moved into an apartment and have been living together for a little while now. About a month ago he called me on the phone and his voice was very shaky. He told me that she tried to kill herself with his own gun. He told me that he took a week off of work to be with her. He also told me that he was going to talk with some therapists. That takes us to 5 days ago. I got a call from him and he was crying a lot. After about 1 minute or so he finally collected his voice and told me that she had killed herself. He told me that and I got in my car and drove 2 hours to where he lived. When I got there, he was cleaning blood out of the carpet. He stood up and there was still blood on his clothes. I gave him a hug and he starting crying. He kept saying things like: “It was my fault” and “I could have stopped her”. He told me that when they woke up that morning, she wanted a snack, so he went out to get her a snack. When he came back, he found her on the floor with her wrists slit. She was barely alive so he ran to he and tried to help her by putting pressure on her wounds. He said that she died in his arms.
Need advice on who to talk to(Please delete if not allowed.) I know the community info has some links,  but I feel like I need a little more specific advice. I’m not actively suicidal in that I have a plan, think I could do it, etc. I’m more so in that mindset where I can’t imagine moving on in life/it doesn’t feel worth it. But it feels wrong to contact suicide helplines since I don’t have such a plan or know if I’d ever even be capable of it. I have a therapist who I’m about to have my last session with (university limits), but I’ve never been able to be truly honest with her or any other therapist because of involuntarily commitment laws. I have a degree in counseling myself, so I know it could go either way in what they attempted to do if I admitted these thoughts. But the main thing keeping me from truly considering suicidal options is knowing how many people are counting on me in the near future for various things. If I took that away by getting myself involuntarily committed, that’s when life would truly not be worth living anymore. I just need someone to talk to and get help from, but I also don’t want to take away from people who are actively suicidal/needing help. Any advice on whom to contact?
also, i destroyed the relationship i had with my girlfriend. we had a lot of communication difficulties, but mine were way more destructive.  I often would try to bring up something that bothered me and I thought she was ignoring me or just not very receptive to what i was saying, and I felt really frustrated, and eventually like I just started yelling during arguments, I think because I didn't know what else to do, and probably also because of my PTSD. obviously that was a problem. the fucked up thing is that i could never manage to just fucking full stop, never yell, for some reason. I just I'm a total failure who can;t control my own behavior. Anyway she kicked me out recently because of this and hasn't talked to me for a week. I think she will eventually have to still just because I coudn't get all of my stuff out of her apartment in one load, but like i'm sure it will only be to break up with me and for me to get my stuff back.  before wednesday, when i failed that job thing, i had been reading this book nonviolent communication and i was hoping that would be able to help me like, at least learn how to communicate better and how to not yell when i don't want to yell, to control my yelling, and possibly that it could help me reconcile with my girlfriend even though I know that's unlikely. it was a book i had talked about with her before (she didn't really seem to aknowledge anything when i mentioned it) and wanted to read it already, and i was alrady going to have a chance to that week because i had a break from work until sunday, but she kicked me the hell out before i could even bring the book up again or start reading it. i had come back form a weekend trip to oakland on tuesday night and I barely even had a real conversation with her at all befroe she threw me out.
I promise you that things really do get better. Feeling like shit and being depressed when a divorced is forced on you that you do not want is a 100% natural thing...and you are not alone. Hell, feeling that way when you initiate a divorce is probably 100% natural as well. It's all a process and the light at the end of the tunnel is there. Sometimes it takes longer for some to find it than others and the tunnel is a bit longer for some, but the light is there...and life is good on the other side. I promise you. When I turned the corner, I never looked back...well, for the most part. It's still hard to imagine my ex wife with someone else. When the day comes where she meets someone and I meet them, that will be very hard to deal with I think. I'm hoping that then I will be at a point to where I will handle it with dignity. I loved my wife very much...deeply. I always considered myself very lucky to have her. I always appreciated her and tried to not take her for granted. But after 15 years of marriage, you fall into complacency and routines become mundane I guess. I dunno. I think it happens to everyone...some deal with it better than others I guess. I have a lot of love to give...and someone else will be the benefactor of that now.
Am I entitled to reasonable living expenses during divorce?My wife has found out what I allow myself to withdraw after my check has been deposited into joint banking account and is now requesting an accounting of those expenses. I haven’t been able to live in marital home due to her mental illness which she was most recently hospitalized for so I pay a reasonable rent elsewhere while awaiting judgment. She has threatened to take every penny from me so as I feel threatened financially I transferred some assets to a separate account which she has informed her lawyer about. She now wants these expenses to be part of marital asset division. I have been living separately since trial last August but haven’t completely left the home which the judge knows from trial as I go back to maintain anything that needs fixin. What can she ask for at this point and what is unreasonable? I have already given her a substantial advance towards the division of assets.
Hi All, 25M recently started divorce process..Hey everyone, I am a 25 year old male who just recently was served divorce papers from my wife who is 23 years old. We were together for about 1.5 years, and I am honestly struggling quite hard everyday. I had made the decision to move to Maryland(where she resides), while I was in California all my life. I met her after doing some med school interviews in the Maryland in 2017, and we were as happy as can be up until February of this year. Our families didn't exactly co-exist, and there was always some tensions between them, but my wife and I figured we could handle this. I had finally decided to move to Maryland to live with her, find our own apartment, and start my job and our life together. I had packed my bags, said goodbye to my family, my friends, my entire life back in California, in order to be with my wife. Little did I know, her and her family were conniving to get me to sign divorce papers, two days before my birthday in fact.
My stbxw seems surprised I'm not falling apartWe were together 20 years, married the last 5 with 3 kids. End of Dec it will be a year since she moved out and to be honest I am happier since I haven't had to live with her and put up with the way she treated me for any longer. She seems surprised by the fact that I am doing so well with everything and that I'm not falling apart. Well, maybe in the beginning. She often asks how I am doing and I tell her I am doing great, because I honestly am. It's almost as if she wants to have that control and watch me suffer in agony over missing her and wanting her back only for her to reiterate we are not getting back together, which she has made clear. And while at times I miss the girl I once fell in love with 20 years ago and all the times we shared together, I realized she is no longer that girl and I am not that boy. And once I realized I was actually better off not living under her constant scrutiny (and still get the kids half the time), all of a sudden my life seemed more content and peaceful without her and I was able to start focusing on myself instead of 'our marriage'. The less attention I give to her head games the better. She is starting to see a side of me she never knew existed. That I actually am a good father and can easliy take care of myself and our 3 kids without her involvement. If she wants to still file the papers and serve me she can go right ahead. I'll continue to work on myself and I know she won't make the same effort and will continue to spend all her free time going out with her mom friends and likely just bring her issues into her next relationship and then maybe she will realize it wasn't just me afterall..
I see people say things like "It was the coward's way out" or "he threw it all away over nothing." You should understand that depression is extremely real to people who are struggling with it. It's an illness. Your brain isn't working properly, the same way a broken limb doesn't work properly. Instead of being unable to walk, you're unable to process positive feelings. You're constantly in a state of sadness, or anger, or fear, or self-loathing. This is a lifelong condition for many people. You can develop coping strategies, but there's no real "cure" or universal answer. If that imagery is not helpful, it's like having goblins in your brain. It's like fighting an enemy every single day that you can't see who makes it impossible for you to be happy. It doesn't matter that you have all these nice things and people who love you, because you physically can't enjoy them or anything else. That's a really hard way to live. It hurts me when I hear people with depression described as "weak." They have to be strong and brave everyday, just to leave their house or have social interactions. These are people fighting a war that makes it difficult or painful to do very basic things. It is tragic when someone dies fighting that battle, but it is not shameful.
So after a couple of years of not having a dog I decided to get an Australian shepherd puppy for Christmas. She is the most sweetest, lovable dog and so smart. My daughter was going to dad's and asked if she could take Sansa because I was on nights rotation last weekend she didn't want to leave her home all night by herself. I was very reluctant but let her anyways. When my daughter brought Sansa home she was every skittish and hesitant, I asked my daughter if something happened and she wouldn't say anything. Finally, after a couple days my daughter told me my stbxh had hit and kicked her to show her obedience and I f***ing lost it. I called him up and we had one of the most nastiest fights we have ever had. Brought up past and present issues/fights and no holding back for either of us!! It was when he said that he purposely hurt me because I  assumed that when he was on his phone he was cheating. I responded with one of those quiet scary voices and said it's not an assumption when actually DID cheat. An assumption is thinking someone or something was done. Its takes a really disturbed person to purposely hurt another person and hurt animals. You need to seek professional help and get a dictionary. Then I hung up on him.
i was bullied in school and i never tell anyone about this because of my bad experiences and stuff, i was bullied so much that i had dreams of ending my life and i had to wake up and talk my self out of it several times, you know those dreams when you’re falling and when you’re just about to hit the ground you wake up, i don’t i always seem to hit the ground, i know what it feels like hitting the ground in your own dream, a big flash and then nothing but black and then it feels like something just got pulled out of my chest, like it was my soul leaving my body without me, it’s sad i know and a little off topic of what i’m trying to say and no these are not the dream i’m referring to and those dreams will not reach a single soul because they are so messed up. anyways i was bullied so much that i had dreams of killing myself and i had to wake up to convince myself not to, it took all i had and then going to school and being made fun of being pushed around and lots of other stuff but the worst in my mind is everyone telling me that i will never find true love and i will die a old and lonely man, i believe this…  i tried alot and even girls said that, it hurts me a lot. i had one thing that i ran to because i was hidden and accepted because no one knew the real me, my xbox and i never told my parents my storys because i don’t want to go talk to someone and relive all the bad stuff in my life, i’m just touching the surface by writing this, i am still bullied and really badly, i honestly have no true friends any of them use me for my money or they make fun of me because i’m a easy target. i don’t know what to do anymore and i’m looking for any kind of help, i’m breaking down and have no one at all but myself and hopefully one other person that can read all of this and respond  to me, i have no clue what to do anymore and why should i?
This time is a bit different. She said she wanted a divorce and allowed me to stay at her house for 3 weeks. During this time my 6 yr old stayed with her grandparents down the street to keep her clear of possibly being upset at the situation. Her reasoning was that she just wanted to live alone with her daughter and not worry about anyone else. I had also not been paying them as much attention as I should have been and she doesnt feel this would change. The first week I tried to play the game but she was upset when I wouldnt talk to her and was upset when I would be polite. It was a no win situation. She would also hug me sometimes "to comfort me". She kept distance physically and emotionally to "not lead me on". By the end of the third week our relationship was amazing. Hanging out, sex, kissing regularly and just completely normal....but I had to go. So back to mom's I went because Im saving for my own place. During me packing and leaving she was crying and holding me. She had also mentioned during all of this that she wanted to continue talking and seeing each other indefinitely. Shes even looking forward to me having my own place.
is it ok to not use caps because i have no energy and i also have little energy in general. like i don't work out enough and it's not good and there are so many good great opportunities going on in my life and i should be doing really well and from a distance i am but i don't know who to talk to about the up close stuff and i may have just lost a really great person because of previous fucking up and i don't know what to do because all the people i could talk to would think i'm dumb or inconsiderate or too emotional but i AM emotional fuck i'm a girl for chrissakes and you shouldn't just assume i'm going to be like a robot like you i have times when i want to scream in a pillow but i feel bad if you find out and i need to pretend i'm not feeling anything or i get the look and it's not fair and i just want to leave and get away and go see the world and not have to deal with so many different hard things like thinking about college and doing the laundry.
I will probably be dead by the end of the weekend. This may be my final post. Thank you all.My heart feels like its being ripped from my chest. My soul is empty. My ego is shattered. All of my imsecurities have bounced back,way harder than before. My future with her is gone. She loves the man who she said she hated,the man who only wanted her for his personal needs. The man who has a significant other and a kid. The man who she said was unattractive and abusive. Every sweet thing she said to me in our year-long relationship means nothing now. Every word of encouragement she gave me has no weight to it anymore. All of my so-called friends are hanging out with her now. They want her. I umderstand why. Shes beautiful. She has Borderline Personality Disorder,and she is able to seem perfect. I spent my year helping her with anything and everything she had going on,only to be met with verbal and emotional abuse. She used to love me so much.  I have nobody except for my mother. Who is sick of me already. Nobody wants to deal with my bullshit,and to be absolutely honest with you,i dont want to either. I could wait it out for thirty days and just move into my dorm,but it wont change the pain. Even if i got over this,something else would happen. It always does. Ive had so much happen to me when i was younger,and this is just another thing to add to the list of pain and failiures. I cant eat anymore. I have been surviving off of cigarettes,iced tea,and sadness,while she is already with him. Sleeping with him. In love with him. Doing everything we did together with her. Our one year was on the 17th. We broke up on the 16th. Shes happier without me. She no longer thinks about me. And i know thats how itll be with my family. Theyll be so much happier without me. No more whining,no more expenses to pay,no more me. And its for the best. It really is. My little brothers will make them happy and give them a purpose to live without me. I know that ill be causing pain,but its only temporary. My mother lost my father to suicide. She got over it. Even i got over it. And she has a bittersweet attitude towards him,rather then her heartache like she felt back then. I know im her son,but im simply a human that she grew accustomed to. Someone shes lived with and known for 18 years. She knew my father for years. Longer than me. My brothers havent seen me in so long that it wouldnt matter anyways. Im happy that i got to grow up in the family that i did. I love them all so much. But this world isnt for me. This world has no special meaning. Nobody truly has a purpose. Which is why religion and jobs exist. To make people feel like theyre a part of something to give them hope or a feeling of accomplishment and worthiness. But at the end of the day,were just intelligent animals that live on a planet that can support life. I cant be apart of this world. I just cant anymore. Its way too much for me to handle. I have no mental illness. I just see how things are. And it hurts. A lot. Im sick of chain smoking and crying while she moved on in an instant and has all the support in the world. Thank you,Reddit for giving me advice for everything. I had an account before this before my ex made me delete it. This is an amazing site. Ill miss it. If nothing happens, ill be sure to update. But from the looks of it now,its most likely going to happen.
But suddenly sophomore year came. I had a crush on another guy, for a year. He was extremely nice which was cool, but I was just too naive about that. I then parted with my group of close friends and hung out with the group of ppl my crush was in. I had no locker so I had to share it with my close friend but suddenly she started to bully me and throw all my book on the ground just because I didn’t hang out with her. The stuff I do for them are far from what other people might seem over doing it. I WAS the one crying when they thought their dad was gonna die. I WAS the one ruining my reputation for them. But she just screamed at me and I cried. My other close friend decided not to hang out with her and hang out in a classroom in lunch. She told me that and I cried. Because she was alone. I cried for her. I then ditched my other group to hang out with that close friend. Months later I saw she wasn’t there so I texted her where she was and she said she was with her own friends that hate my guts. I went back to my group but, try to put this in your head the group had never talked to me. There was this one person in general she was a person who likes to draw. One day she gave everyone pictures of themselves she drawers. EVERYONE, I was there waiting for minutes for her to give me one and she said “oh I didn’t have time whoops” then later she drawed the whole group together in Halloween costumes EXPECT ME. I was the one to put together the group if I think about it. I PUT TOGETHER THE GROUP. They started to make another group hat without me. Then hanged out without me.
I got a roommate at this point, which I would say helped. I’m an anxious and introspective person, and spending time alone was doing me no good. I was never seriously depressed. I didn’t experience any substance issues or suicidal thoughts, but I was a wreck if I had too much time in my own head. When my roommate would be gone doing things with his friends and I was in my house alone, I spent a lot of time crying. I’d find little notes she’d written me when I was having a bad day or when she just wanted to say something nice. Those were crushing to read. I’d look at the spare room we’d always planned to turn into a nursery in the next couple of years and just crumble. I didn’t want to see friends or family. I felt undesirable. I would call or text her occasionally. This was a mistake. Don’t try to reach out and grab a person who let you go. It makes you weaker. I don’t mean that in an alpha, man-the-fuck up way. I mean that it only reinforces those useless thoughts that you aren’t desired or that you’ve let somebody down.
My wife's boyfriend told me to kill myselfMy wife left me in September after 8 years of marriage. This last Saturday, I received a phone call from my wife's number. When I picked up, there was a man's voice on the other end. The first question he asked was why I hadn't already killed myself. I was taken aback at first, then he kept convincing me to do it, with my wife laughing in the background. He kept saying it would be the best thing for everyone if I did so. He told me my sons wanted me to do it as well. I haven't seen them since September. They are only 7 and 6. He said they were his kids now, which made me angry and extremely upset because I am over 200 miles away from them. On Sunday, November 12th, I attempted suicide by overdosing on my heart medication. Before I was fully unconscious, my sister stopped by because she hadn't heard from me in over a day. When I came to, I was in the trauma unit upside down with tubes in my nose and neck, one pumping the contents of my stomach out, while the other was desperately pumping dopamine into my bloodstream. After spending 48 hours in the ICU, I'm home. I have an appointment on the 22nd of November with a therapist and a doctor, but I don't think that's soon enough. I'm scared. And ashamed. And I feel even more alone. I miss my wife and my children dearly. Which makes this so difficult to comprehend. I still can't believe that someone could say that to another human being. It cut deeper than any wound I could possibly imagine.
Last night I went to dinner with my sister and her boyfriend. Afterwards we went to bar to play some darts and hang out. My sister and her boyfriend were playing darts and I was just sitting at a table watching. I noticed this table of 2 older couples right by the dart boards and the women were watching my sister intently. I didn't think anything of it because I figured they were trying to understand the game of darts. When they finished playing one of the ladies went to my sister and was like you need to come with me real quick. So she went with the two ladies to the patio. I figured they were going to get drinks. My sister came back a short time later just sort of weirded out. She then tells her boyfriend and I that one of the ladies was a "psychic" and as my sister was playing darts started to get a lot of messages. At this point I'm like ok whatever, they're drunk. But as my sister started telling us what she was saying it started to get weird.
I was at work and my wife called me from home. I couldn't understand a word she was saying, but she said she found my sister in her room with her wrists and neck cut. I work construction with both of my parents and my other sister. I told them both and we left as fast as we could. The whole ride home I thought I was going to see my sister lying in bed dead. I kept thinking about her kids and what was going to happen to them. We finally arrived at my house after what felt like the longest drive of my life. I ran inside of the house. My wife and 2 year old daughter were crying and screaming. I went inside the room and saw my sister in her bed with blood over her shirt and all over the bed. My parents ran in behind and started crying. I rushed over to her and talking to her all the while my mom was holding her face begging her to stay with us. My dad kept talking, tell her that this isn't the way. I was so scared. I've never been this scared in my life. I didn't know what to do. My wife had called the ambulance right after she called me from work. It felt like they were taking so long. I kept talking to her telling her to stay with us. All she kept saying is how happy she felt that it was going to be over. I had so much adrenaline pumping through my body. I noticed every detail. There wasn't as much blood as I would have expected. I knew in that moment that she was going to be okay.
Thoughts of suicide have gone from upsetting and scary to releaving.Don't have anyone to talk to really, have dealt with these thoughts for years attempted once at 15 8 years ago and have always still been afraid of death and scared of suicide but today something just clicked in my head and the first time I've been happy in a long time was coming to terms that maybe this just isn't for me. It felt like a great weight was lifted I always though that was a stupid phrase but it was a physical feeling and so surreal. I told myself a week if things don't get better I should do it, normally these thought strikes a fear and i get nervous and my stomach hurts and I have anxiety/panic attack but today was different. I just don't like living my life is the best it's been in years and still I hate that I wake up everyday I wake up often before my alarm and i just stare in the dark  hoping my life to this point has been a dream and I'm different this hasn't changed finished school got a decent job still just the same.
Follow up: "I'm doing it tomorrow..."Well...I took 3 grams of Wellbutrin throughout the course of the night. When the sun came up, as I stayed up all night, I got ready for school; put my death letters on my desk; and prepared to say my goodbye's to my friends. When I looked in the mirror while I was getting ready it had hit me what I had done. I had begun to end my life, when I am only very young and have not even experienced the majority of my life. I broke down in tears and went downstairs and told my parents I had overdosed. We immediately went to the ER and I told ym parents I was sorry and that I knew it was too late as the medicine was already into my system. They couldn't pump my stomach because, as I had said, it was too late. The last thing I remember was eating scrambled eggs and then proceeding to throw them up. After 5 minutes I had my first seizure. My dad was the only one in the room with me besides the nurse. The nurse had no idea what to do and immediately ran for the doctor. All my father could do was sit there and watch me as my eyes rolled back into my head and I started to die. I was medivaced to the ICU at Vidant medical center which is a leading hospital where my father had previously been treated at. I survived through that seizure and had multiple smaller ones over the course of two days. I do not remember those days. Apparently I was awake but I was out of it and I was hallucinating. I was transferred to the pediatric ward after another day when I was stable but still throwing up. After 3 days in the pediatric unit I was medically stable and able to keep food down so I was transferred to Bryn Marr mental hospital. I stayed there for a week during my treatment and was released today. I realized, while I was in there, the result of my actions. I effected my parents and my closest friends. My father said to me that he continues to have flashbacks of me on the table in the ER having my seizure and that he cried himself to sleep nearly everynight for the past 2 weeks. I hope my story has made some of you re-think suicide. It is not worth it and life will never be that bad. Please think about what you are doing and please consider the effects and the destruction you will cause if you go through with it. Life will always get better. I can't take back what I did and I can't take back the sadness, grief, and heartache I have caused the ones around me and the guilt of that will stay with me forever. Just push through life and make it better, yourself. You can do it. Live for the ones who have made the mistake I did but did not survive. I love you all. Ask questions if you please.
     I've listened to her slow, even breathing all night. Not moving besides her chest rising and falling. Like a baby. Like a rock. Like a baby rock. I've listened and been still and haven't moved because waking her up has always been a dangerous mistake. I used to think it was cute how she loved to sleep, and how soundly she slept. I hate it now. It's not fair, and it makes me crazy that she has no problem with it. She's lied, cheated, disappeared, stayed out nights without coming home. Left our kids home alone for her secret rendezvous (sometimes bars, sometimes houses of people she knew either didn't know me or would never tell), she's even brought a "man" to my house, let him insult our house, and then brought him inside to stay the night in my bed while I was working. I don't know you, Redditor, and I have nothing to gain by lying. This is all absolutely true and what she hasn't admitted I have personally verified. But through all that, add in me calling, texting, frantically searching, begging her to stop, telling her how bad my best friend was hurting me, all the normal stuff in this situation. And she always slept fucking GREAT. I don't understand it. If I think I accidentally offended a stranger at a gas station it keeps me up. She slept through everything. And was irate if I couldn't stay still or got up, or just didn't come to bed.
Let me give you a hypothetical. Let's say that the very problem that I have is that I have nobody in my life who would WANT to talk to me of their own accord. That's my problem - that nobody wants to talk to me. Then how is the solution to that problem to PAY somebody to talk to me? That simply furthers the problem by reinforcing the point. That even a designated "helper" will only talk to me if I incentivize them with money. And so the problem persists. I don't want a shrink. I don't want random strangers who spew meaningless well wishes just so they can feel warm and fuzzy inside and imagine they helped someone somewhere across the world. I just want people to be fucking honest and real for one solitary second and say "Damn dude. Shit sounds rough. I honestly don't know what I'd do if I were in your position. If you think killing yourself is the most viable option you have - I guess you've probably already considered every other alternative. You do you. Godspeed." That would mean the world to me. That would be such a pure, profound, refreshingly objective thought. And that would help more than any of the other sugar-coated infantile nonsense.
My best girl friend and I went on a two week holiday together at the start of the year. The whole time we were gone people had been asking me if I’d gotten a new vehicle because there was a new one parked in our driveway. When I got back, I would see it parked there every morning on my way to work. I told him I was going into the house to take some furniture the next morning because it was he only day I could borrow a friends truck, and he said okay no problem. ‘House might be a little messy though’. When I went into the house, there was clearly another woman living there. Suitcase by the bed that I was supposed to take, shopping bags with new clothes and shoes, make up in the bathroom. They had been using my fancy massage oil to massage each other in what was once our bed. Drinking out of my grandmothers heirloom wine glasses. Sleeping in the sheets we got as a wedding gift. We had only signed the legal separation agreement a few days before and he told me ‘I was the best thing to ever happen to him and there’s no one he respects more’. Clearly not the case when he’s trying to rub his new girlfriend in my face. Apparently they’d met around a month before, which gave him like six weeks to grieve between our marriage being ‘perfectly fine’, to falling apart over night, to playing house with this new girl before my stuff was even moved out. Our wedding guestbook was still on the wall, my clothes were still in the closet...
First, you are ordered to drink two cups of actual liquid charcoal. Yes, the shit you cook hot dogs with. (As my brother later joked, "Was it at least mesquite?") Anyway, once you chug that shit like it's the worst 4loko you've ever tasted (it's worse than that) approximately one minute later you puke it all up. Everything you ever had in your stomach goes BLACHHHHH out of your mouth and it's gross as hell. Then you're supposed to drink this clear juice (I forget the name 'cause I was groggy by then... EZ flow? ironic...) that's a super strong laxative. At that point I was on the verge of passing out, so they decided to give it to me another awesome way - through my NOSE. I know, you're probably wondering how this magic trick works. Well, they shove a tube down your nose, down your throat (insert really disgusting blow job-esque gagging noise) alllll the way down into your tummy. And then they pour cold liquid down it and it's just... so much fun. Definitely recommend it, fun way to spend an evening, blah blah blah it sucks.
I got accused of plagiarism at university for a maths assignment?Last week I received an email about plagiarism on my last maths assignment. It was an online subject that required students to check in online and view the tutors online whiteboard, each student is signed in with their student number. That at first caused me to have an anxiety attack at work but later on got over it  because I came to my senses that this was causing me unnecessary stress when I did not plagiarise. The email required me to have an interview with three people, tutor, unit coordinator and an observer (but I am not obliged to go, but I did anyways). The email notified me to bring the person I plagiarised off from.. but the thing is I actually don't know anyone let a lone plagiarised off someone?  I did call them up and said I did have a friend to GUIDE me with my maths assignment who does not do the subject at all, basically does a different course completely, same uni but different campus. So fast forward to the date of the interview I was pretty confident of clearing my innocent, I brought my friend in and they asked the guy next to be was the other plagiariser while exposing their name?  I blurted out who's that by accident. So during the interview they brought out my assignment and the other persons, only one question consisting ABC were exactly the same!!! HOW UNCANNY?? The thing is, that was only like 10% of the assignment. I do understand their point of view, out of a few hundred students me and this person had the exact same answers. So some of the answers were wrong but the plagiarised section they were asking me how I got the working out for these questions, my dumbass really did guess it but I was able to explain how I got it, the coordinators face was literally like this dumb bitch got an easy question wrong AND plagiarised it. But my explanation that literally disregarded it and just said HOW DID YOU MANAGE TO PLAGIARISE? I did say I got them off the lecture notes but I really have no idea how I have the same answers as the other person.
My reason for living is goneMy boyfriend killed himself while we were on vacation at his family’s lake house. He left us to find him with a belt around his neck. We tried CPR, I held his head while the medics worked on him. I can’t get it out of my head. I can’t be without him. I don’t know how to be by myself. I haven’t gone more than 2 days without seeing him in a year, and it’s been 3 since it happened. My whole family is worried about me and I don’t want to be selfish but I can’t see myself here in this planet without him. I don’t know what I believe in, I don’t know if he’s reincarnated or in the spirit world or in heaven but I need to know. I can’t do it right now. I have a wait a while. I can’t do that to our families. It’s my fault for not knowing he’d do this, his family didn’t even know he was depressed but I knew. And I never thought anything like this would happen. I need him back. I can’t go on anymore. There’s so much pain in my body. Every night when I lay down I feel the pressure around my neck and I just want it to end. I’m too scared to hang myself like that. I just want to slip away peacefully. I just want as many pills as I can take and go somewhere where my family won’t find me before the police. I’ll leave a note, unlike him. I’ll give people answers. He took all of my answers away from me. The only answer I have from him is to go with him. I don’t know why he’d do this to us. I feel him slipping away. He’s my soulmate. I don’t know what to do. I’m waiting for him to tell me if I should do it, but he’s not answering me. I don’t want to be here without him. I just can’t do it. I’m not strong enough without him.
She seemed to be in fairly high spirits the last three days and this morning was in a particularly good mood.  As the morning went on we talked, I told her how happy I was she'd saved my favorite shirt from a stain, and she was laughing and joking with me.  She decided to do some chores and I played Xbox.  About an hour later I got up to get a drink and noticed she wasn't in the main portion of the house so I went upstairs to check on her.  Found her in bed with a bottle of muscle relaxers I got for a bad back and a bottle of her own daily mood stabilizers.  She had taken about 27 muscle relaxers and around 150 of the mood stabilizers in addition to a full bottle of Tylenol, and she had attempted to use razors to slash her wrists and throat.  Thankfully she is very afraid of cutting herself and was not successful.  I carried her downstairs and took her to the ER.  (Didn't know how many pills she had taken or would have called 911, thought it had been much less.). Took the bottles with me and they sedated her and put her on a breather.  It was absolutely terrifying.
A final goodbye.My previous post was about how I'm going to do it by the end of next week. Today I only secured that by making my only friends hate me. I always had a feeling that they did, but now they definitely do. They tried to help me but I just pushed them away and deleted my discord (the only way they can contact me). I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who's taken the time to talk to me, even if it didn't change the outcome. Also, if they see this, I'm sorry. I know that probably means nothing since I pushed you all away but I truly mean it. I can't take this repeating cycle of pain and misery. School has gotten too much as well as life at home. I can't take it. As well as this, I am quite rapidly losing myself and each breakdown kills me inside. It's always either depression to the point where I can't do anything or  insanity to the point of laughing at the voices and beating my skull against the walls. I was always good at hiding it but recently I've been letting it slip and the last thing I want is to hurt anyone.
Why can't I just let people help me?I'm in therapy but I feel like I'm not letting it work or something. I'm pushing away my friends and family cuz theyre mad I keep torturing myself basically. I just kinda want to shut everyone off and just say "let me ruin my life, don't waste time caring about me". I just feel so stuck and I don't know why I can't break away from my toxic situation. It's really ruining my life and today is at least the second time in a couple of months that I thought I should hurt myself. I regret typing that bc I don't want to worry anyone cuz I know I'm not gunna do anything, I'm just aware that it's unhealthy to have these thoughts even if I never act on them. I just feel helpless and it always just seems like that's easier. If I didn't exist anymore then none of this would matter. I don't like thinking that way but if I don't get the courage to leave my bf then what am I supposed to do? I'm a shell of a person now. I'm going thru the motions. I do what I can to be able to function at work and then I go home to drug fueled sex bullshit that I don't even wanna do anymore.. but I just drink and do drugs so I don't have to think about it. But I know I can't keep doing that! I don't even wanna drink and do drugs anymore. I've debated even quitting weed! I just dunno what to do anymore and I really just wanna go home and cry
Lost and it’s freaking me out!!!So me(32m) her (32f) have been together since 15 married since 19. For years I’ve been trying to get her to communicate with me better. One of our biggest issues. I’ve pushed, begged, given space, she’s had friends talk to her and nothing! At first I thought it was me, Somthing I had done or maybe approached it wrong. Why I tried so many methods. Her parents never talk and their relationship is a mess and they constantly fight them won’t talk for literally weeks unless forced. I finally got the stomach to tell her that I can’t do this anymore. We fight with no resolution and she always just waits for it to blow over. I’m a mess myself by no means perfect but have always just given in to makes things better and let-go usually pointless arguments. I had been sick to my stomach for weeks just thinking of what to say or how to approach it. Finally it just happened I was leaving the gym and I called she was instantly in a bad mood from
My side is that I feel controlled and trapped. By all means I know I made mistakes so I stuck my head down and did whatever was asked of me. No sex, no problem. No friends no problem. I felt I deserved this and to some extent I did.  But then I made two significant groups of friends through work that completely changed my outlook.  One was a group who wanted to play a tournament card game. I went to a few tournies and had a blast, but missed more because she didn't want me to go. Even if I told her weeks in advance that I would be gone until 11 or so on a Wednesday, she would end up getting upset day of and I would cancel. Eventually I stopped getting invited.  This group as well as the next also helped me realize I was a grown man with a 10 30 bedtime, that wasn't self imposed. I would be told to go to bed at this time every night, even if I had the next day off and wasn't tired.  The next correlation in these groups was finding out that there are females who share my interests.     Yes. There are nerdy women who don't put me down for my hobbies.  I was truly unaware of this concept. I was even given 30 seconds time limits to discuss things that interested at times, whether it was video games, philosophy, astronony, wood working... Didn't matter. And of course we don't actually discuss sex,bit just happens when she wants.  There is a girl in one of these groups that took me by surprise. Not really put together honestly, but super caring, beautiful, funny, and seemed to see the same in me. Long story short, she isn't ready to leave her bf, I do think it is a bit emotionally abusive but she doesn't see it. So that's not going to go anywhere anytime soon but what it got me to realize was all the at I was missing from my relationship. I truly felt I could be myself and not be judged. By all means I am pretty much open with my quirks but have just always known judgement followed my comments. But apparently that isn't all women. I didn't know, also emotionally abusive mother and all that jazz for me.  I also realized wife has always been controlling and I just went with it.  There were several groups I hung out with in college that stopped inviting me because I would end up just sitting on the phone talking to her through the night because she was lonely. Thing is, I didn't want to be on the phone. I was just being nice. If she needed to talk we talked. If I had concerns about a make friend of hers giving her an ultimatum to leave me or they could be friends I was told I was rediculous for wanting her to talk about it because she was hurting.  One night my mom was threatening to kill herself and after getting off the phone , right next to my wife, my wife starts talking to me about how I need to try harder to spend time with the wife. I ask her not right now and she just berrates me for an hour.  I filed the next week.
I want to go to my therapist just to tell her to fuck off.I started seeing a therapist. This lady I actually liked. She told me the next time I wanted to cut myself or really wanted to kill myself, to go to the emergency room. I did that. She told me they would give me attention and medication and really help me. I stayed there over night about 8 hours. A therapist in some other city video chatted me after being there for 8 hours. I had to use a prison toilet - in socks. She said I think you’re stable enough to go home and you’ll be fine just keep seeing your therapist. That’s it. Yesterday I got a bill in the mail for $3,711. For that one night where they did nothing. Nothing. I had to reschedule my appointments this month because I just switched jobs and couldn’t afford my co-pay. I have phenomenal insurance and those fucks charged me $3711? After insurance? For locking me in a room so I could video chat some random bitch that might be a doctor. How pathetic do I feel after begging them for help and they do nothing. A lot of my unnecessary stress is money. Why is it so expensive to get help? Why did it take every therapist over a week just to call me back and set an appointment for me a month in advance? Why does everyone tell you to get help but they never tell you how hard it is? It’s so fucking expensive. Getting a bill in the mail for 4 grand when you’re suicidal doesn’t make you excited to live. I now have a hatred for every person in the medical field cheating people out of their money and their health. Fuck you to those people that send the bills and a big fuck you to my asshole therapist.
My parents make me feel like shit almost everydayAlmost everyday, my parents make me feel like shit and useless in this world. Always comparing me to other kids like how they should already be successful around my age. I'm 22. But has been saying that since I was 20. They think I should be finishing up college already and be moving up in life. But the thing is, they don't understand that everyone is different and I am actually struggling to know what I want to do in life. But to them, they don't understand that no matter how many times I explain to them. They always yell at me for no reason and telling me I don't do anything around the house when I clearly do help around the house and wash dishes etc. They never really wash their own dishes and when I ask them if they can just wash it after they are done eating so that we wouldn't have so much dishes piling up but they always use the excuse like I cook, work, and provide for you. Yes I know they do and I appreciate it a lot but there is just so much a person can tolerate when I constantly clean the house and the next day, they ruin it and making a huge mess in just 1 day. So it's tiring to keep cleaning when they don't even clean up their own mess and keep putting you down by repeatedly telling you you're worthless and don't help around the house. It infuriates me so much because they NEVER listen to reason. No matter what. When I try to tell them nicely, they never listen and always say something else as if they never even heard what I said. Sometimes I yell at them because I get so frustrated living here but I try my best to stay calm and just let them say whatever they want to say and I'll just take it because there is no point arguing with them. I'm always in my room because it's where I can be peaceful. But even so, they get mad when I always close my door and that they will take the door off as a threat but I believe they won't do that if I don't provoke them. Always constantly threatening me to move out and leave because I'm so useless and of course I would love to get the fuck out of here but at the same time I'm trying to get my life together and finish college and get a decent paying job so I can live on my own. I'm not the smartest person but at least I'm trying to do something with my life by going to school, having a job. I'm not really suicidal because I have a girlfriend who I have been with for almost 3 years and she treats me very good. I have some decent friends which is why life isn't so bad sometimes. I always try to look for the positive in life. But sometimes, when they constantly give you shit, you lose your mind sometimes and want to just scream at them. It's getting to the point that when I grow up and can take care of myself, and they get old, I don't even want to take care of them because they're making me hate life when I try to love life. I think I know why they been acting like this because they didn't used to act this bad. They changed about 3 years ago when my grandma past away because she used to live with us and my parents respect her. My parents has been going to the casino a lot and it has gotten worst. When my grandma was still alive they wouldn't go and barely go because she pretty much kept them in check. But since she passed they go almost everyday and I have to take care of my brother and sister. I feel like I'm a parent already because they are just being bad parents. They let my brother go on the ipad like glue and as a good brother I am, I always try to let him play about an hour and he needs to take a break. But when I take away the iPad, my parents give me shit because they say how come I'm allowed to play games and he can't? It's unreasonable because when I was young I could only play my gameboy for like an hour and my parents would tell me to take a break. My brother is 7 years old and he plays almost half a day or more every day. I explain to them that being on the iPad is bad for a kids health so we have to have rules for him. I play games and watch stuff in my room because my life fucking sucks and it's different because I'm trying to stay away from my parents and I want to be in my own world. When my brother grows up he can do whatever he wants but for now I want to teach him rules just as I was taught when I was young. I don't know, what do you guys think? I just wanted to vent somewhere so sorry this post is very random at parts.
     Anyway, She and I decided that when we got our tax refund back we would split it 50/50 so she could find a place nearby. Our goal is to keep our children in the same schools, so we agreed that a house in the area was necessary. Through being laid off and starting a new job, we ran out of money. And I mean ran out. Broke. I scraped and borrowed and pawned our way through while we waited for my first check or the tax refund. When we finally had our refund deposited it had dropped from the original $8800 to $6300 due to a debt In had. I needed $4000 to pay off a vehicle repair, so we were left with $2300. We were late on our bills, which aren't really too awful much, but I paid them all using the tax refund money in the bank, before the following month's bills put us behind. This left $2000. I won't get into the specifics, but she withdrew almost every penny from the account, including my first check, which had just deposited. She said it was part of her "half" because I had spent into her share, even though it was bills that I paid. Fast forward through too many money details to list out, life happened and she ended up having to spend most of what she had on necessary expenses.
We were best friends, David and I. We laughed. We saw each other daily. We’d talk or sing or watch a movie. We’d eat or walk. And we’d hug. We hugged lots. We’d reminisce. We’d spend hours in stationary stores and art stores looking for just the right vermillion red paint or a pen with just the right nib. Things for a project he imagined. We would look through vintage stores for leather ties and things to re-use. Things no longer loved. David would love them, re-create them, and this brought him joy. We’d order pizza and chocolate lava cakes. We would have huge bowls of pho at the Vietnamese place he loved and talk and talk and talk. Then it felt like we were “talking” all the time about his life and his healing. It felt like we were “getting it”, like we were getting “there.” It felt as if we were solving his problems. It felt like we had the answers and things could and would change. It felt like hope. And then the sun would come up again and we would be right back in the same terrifying dark place where he couldn’t see his way out.
Not there yet, but its closer than it should be.Divorce. (26F, 29M)We've been together for 5 years, we have a 2 and 3 year old. We've had a ton of problems through our relationship. Too much to list. I'm positive that it all has an impact on how we've gotten where we are, but that's not why I'm here. I'm here as a last resort to try to save our marriage. We both want to save our marriage, but we are both also very realistic that the end is here if we dont. I need help. I need advice. Our biggest problem right now is communication, or lack of it. One of my biggest complaints is that there is not enough intimacy. I've literally begged for it. And he wont. Says it's not his thing. And now, he says we can hug but that's it. No kissing, holding hands, touching, nothing. He says none of that will happen until we learn how to communicate. He wants us to take our relationship back to square one and restart. I dont know how to do that, and when I ask him, he says he doesnt know either. Can someone please give me some outside advice? It could all very well be my fault but I really dont know.
I do believe for some people it is a disease while for others it is a condition. Also I think the spectrum of severity is so vast that it does both the sufferers and the societal stigma a great disservice to have a single word that someone uses when they are having a bad hair day to the diagnosis given to someone in a vegetative, non-functioning state looking for death to come. I liken it to the lung condition spectrum. On one end you have the sniffles, then the cold, the flu, bronchitis, pneumonia, emphysema, and end stage lung cancer on the far end. Only you can only use the word "the flu" to describe every one of these conditions. So you have both sufferers and non-sufferers alike telling people at the end stage lung cancer part of the spectrum that if they just pop a few echinacea and get some rest, they'll be feeling fine in a day or two. No one flippantly says, "I'm feeling a little diabetic today," or "I think I'm going into an episode of leukemia from all the stress lately in my life" - this is why even those that have suffered from depression help perpetrate the stigma because they judge others based on what treatment helped them in their specific state or however they specifically felt or how long it took them to get over it. If I hear I'll be helped by yoga and meditation one more time...
I never stop loving these people and that hurts because I shouldn't be caring about them. I always worry for their safety every single day. I always worry if they're ok, or what they're doing in this moment, or pray that they're not in trouble, etc. I also always pray that I hope I have the chance to keep them in my life. Obviously, I don't always have that chance, which in some cases it's been good to not have them anymore, but for the most part..it hasn't been good. And it hurts a lot that more with the fact that it's not a gradual ending of a friendship like distance making it difficult to keep up with it , but it's just an abrupt end, someone is ending it by choice. Like they are just throwing everything away s if they beloeve theres an expiration date. Sometimes I wanna run away. Run away and never look back. Change my hair, change my name, meet new people and forget about the past life. But unfortunately in always gonna be the idiot who loves people who break her heart, over and over again...
Feeling EmptyI don't really know what to type as an opener. I feel like writing is a struggle when you start a new piece, but as you go on the whole thing just kind of ends up flowing and moving smoothly. If only my life were that way. Just to clear things up before I get too into this, I am a 14 year old white male and I am skinny. I am somewhere around 5 foot 11 inches. Okay, now that half of the initial readers have left simply because I'm not a girl, we can move forward. As you probably have noticed, I'm fairly young, but do understand that I'm just as much capable of feeling despair, happiness, sadness, joy, etc. as each and every one of you. At least, I used to. In my childhood a lot of bad stuff happened. Most of it was out of my control, but some of it was in fact my fault, so now here I am and I hated every ounce of myself for doing this to myself. My life has been, and still is, hell. It's just one series of unfortunate events after another. Of course, there have been some sprinkles of happiness here and there, but that only makes it WORSE. When I finally found the person I could be myself with... that I could be happy with... she essentially abandoned me. Being depressed to began with sucks, but knowing that happiness; that joy at last that the suffering is finally over, just to be slammed father down than you ever thought possible in less than a second is another type of pain all in itself. Although looking at it objectively, it wasn't my fault, I still blame myself. Human beings like to think logically, but make illogical actions. This is occuring for me as I type, so please do understand. I used to feel sad, angry, but now... I just feel empty. I feel like nothing. No anger, no pain, no sadness, no joy, no feeling. I remember when I would always help people with depression. It takes one to know one. Since I can relate so well (and with a bit of manipulation) I made them happier overall. I feel like the manipulation was justified, as it helped them overall so I don't see why it's a bad thing. Who knows, maybe I'm just being illogical again, tbh I don't really give a shit right now. My point is, they all abandoned me. They all now have another group of friends and they are happier. They just tossed me aside like pieces of dirt. Now I just want to feel that joy again... of having someone there for me... I just don't think it will happen. ever. It's kind of weird... how I always helped people and embraced them with open arms, but when I need help nobody cares. Nobody helps. I'm scared. It's cold, and it's dark. I think I may be a little bit scared of myself. I mean, how could I feel like this? to get beaten up regularly, but not care? What's wrong with me? Just more flaws with me. Maybe that's why people hate me. Maybe the cons just outweigh the pros. My best was never good enough. Not for anyone. It certainly wasn't enough for my dad to stay. Well, that's all I have to say. Hopefully someone will respond, even though I know a lot of people are going to just read this and then skip it. Not even taking the time to leave a simple comment after I went through all the effort to type this. I wonder how many hours it will be before somebody responds. How many times I refresh the page and give up. I really do hope you respond, but what else can I say? I don't want to go to school tomorrow and pretend to be happy. I don't want to get bullied. I don't want to live. Please help me
I found a picture of my parents on their wedding night and had some dumb thoughts I thought I'd share for some reasonI found an old photo of my parents at their wedding. I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this but seeing them so young, so unaware of the dreary course they were set on, killed me. The longer I looked, the more convinced I was that they had some idea of what was in store. You can see it in their eyes; they betrayed an awareness of a truth neither of them verbalized. A look that was at odds with the smiles on their faces. They weren’t even consciously aware of this truth but they knew it was there. It’s in all of us. It’s a truth no one can describe because it will only ever make its presence vaguely known.   Like a sea creature that swims just below the surface, we can feel the currents its movement makes and how they make us feel but can never fully describe what the creature is unless it breaches the surface. I think, at the time the picture was taken- the night they committed the rest of their lives to this one track- that sea creature, or sea *monster,* flailed its tail, its tentacle, or whatever it has and caused a major current. They felt the presence of this truth more than they have before and I think you can see that in their eyes. They were scared. Like everything they have ever done in life, especially the decision to pledge themselves to each other forever, had been an attempt to build a boat to separate and protect them from this creature that had been below them their entire lives, threatening to breach the surface, present itself and, maybe, devour them whole. They realized that, no matter what they built, that monster will always be able to flail its fin, its tendril, or whatever it has and create a wave big enough to sink it and leave them alone, swimming away from the truth we all secretly know but can’t articulate.
I had to close down Facebook as the memories portion of it was simply too painful, now a year later, I have debates whether I should open it once again, I miss some friends I only have contact through Facebook along with updates from family and extended family. Many people will suggest different things to try, whether it’s reading self-help books, podcasts, preachers, music, movies, but you need to find out what works for you the best. In this forum, I found 2 insanely helpful items. 1 is an article which was posted on the Chive, it relates to a death, but the person who sent it to me, suggests divorce is like a death of a loved one, but worst because you have to keep dealing with that person due to kids. While I maintain a civil agreement with my ex-wife, I don’t see her and I don’t talk to her. We do everything via text. The emotions described in this article, I can honestly say describe what I was going through down to the letter. [http://thechive.com/2018/07/16/old-man-shares-best-possible-way-to-cope-with-grief-and-its-profoundbeautiful/](http://thechive.com/2018/07/16/old-man-shares-best-possible-way-to-cope-with-grief-and-its-profoundbeautiful/)
I am 18 and I try to drink every weekend I can with older friends. Because I didn’t want to be sober on weekends when I was by myself I didn’t want to be alone with my thoughts. Because on weekdays I’d be occupied by work. So weekends I’d just drink every chance I could. It was not good. Everywhere I went to drink, there was always one dude touching me and pushing his self on me. I thought to myself wow I really can’t get away from this stuff. All my life I’ve endured so much pain from people I thought were supposed to protect me. Sure I drank and maybe you think it’s my fault for putting myself in such a situation like this. I couldn’t get away from it. I thought to myself the best way out of this hell of a loop is taking myself out. I’ve attempted suicide 3 times the past year. Soon it will be my time to go, because all I feel is pain and loneliness. I’m so scarred and paranoid from the things my step father did that every night I have to sleep with ear plugs in and a blanket over my face because I’m scared that he will be standing next to me even though I know he’s gone.
I love being alone, but loneliness kills meHey, long story short... in the last two weeks, I have lost all of my friends. Even the one of whom I've thought they were the best one. I don't find interest in anything. I don't enjoy doing things, I just do them, because it's my routine. Nothing more. No one wants to spend time with me, so I spend all my free time locked in my room while watching videos or playing pc games. All of my friends just suddenly let me go and no one cares about me. I don't care about myself either. At this point I really think everything would be better if I just stopped existing. I'd stop being a burden to my family, my friends, teachers, sport coach and overall all people who have met me. Talking about this helps me though, but my friend told me that I should stop talking about my problems, because it will only get worse. So now I just keep it in. Everything keeps falling apart and I have no idea how to fix it.... Thanks for listening to my rant, stranger browsing reddit, have a nice day.
It all began for me in July. I suffer with depersonalization or something of the sort I don't even know and I began to question myself, MY identity. I look in the mirror and see a stranger. I notice my bones and my body and the way I feel but I feel like it is merely a shell I am floating above. Over this past July, several times, at night, I would just silently scream into my pillow. Or burst into tears at a stall in the gym bathroom. I would look at my eyes in the mirror and ask myself, "who is that?" and I felt like for some reason this girl, wasn't me, she never existed, life is fake, I am not me, who even am "i"? It was a perfectly normal July day but this feeling came out of nowhere and this existential otherworldly philosophical hell literally began FOR NO DAMN REASON. And I worry I have a brain tumor, I worry that is why I get DP symptoms and why I sound like a crazy person....literally questioning my identity. Not in a "I don't know if i'm shy or edgy kind of way" but in a like "what is my existence, how do I know I am me, who even is me, by the way???" (disclaimer: these aren't "voices" in my head. These are my thoughts I'm describing).
People would keep telling me that time healed all wounds, that it'd eventually get better and that I'd get over it and forget about him but no, it just kept eating away at me. I've lost all motivation to take care of myself besides "Wake up before 5PM to go to the animal shelter to help out, you lazy fuck". I don't see any point in all this shit anymore, I was only hurting myself from all this upkeep (Mother of god, the knee bruises after workouts. I could barely walk up stairs for the better half of a week) and for what? I'd just find a way to fuck it up down the road and have it all mean nothing. Sure, I'm not entitled to anything but it'd be nice to know that for once, I made a semblance of progress. Even if all went well with my newly found life (Which won't happen for dozens of reasons), so what? The climate is going to absolute shit anyhow. My future and especially my theoretical children's futures mean diddly squat against the foreseeable environmental apocalypse.
Chester benningtonI don't know how it happened but in the last couple of days I've been fascinated by Chester Bennington's suicide. About a week ago (I think) I wanted to hang myself with my belt lodged between my door. TMZ disgustingly posted Chester Bennington's autopsy report and while looking for more info on his suicide I found and read it. Turns out this was the method he used which somehow shocked me as I didn't know. I was only looking up stuff about Chester because I used to listen to Linkin Park when I was a kid. Now that I'm older he has been dead for two years. Looking into interviews with him when he was alive it's uncanny how much I can relate with. The most bizarre part of it all for me was that he was 41 years old at the time of death. How the hell did he manage to reach that age with depression?! I'm 27 and I'm surprised I've made it this far. I wish I could've had a talk with him about our common demons but I've been tuned out of actively listening to Linkin Park for the last couple years. It's a waste because that guy had the voice of an angel. I wonder how long he would have lasted without the success like the rest of us losers.
wtf is wrong with melike i feel so horrible and i cant understand why, i am getting help i got an autism diagnosis and im getting therapy but it feels? so? useless? im too afraid to bring up the fact that im suicidal when my dad is there because he will be so dissapointed. its not that he doesnt know but just i feel so worthless when i bring it up like im inconveniencing him with it. then i am also too afraid to tell my dad and my therapist that id rather not him be there because i need him to be there when we talk about such useless shit like making routines and i dont need routines i dont need any of that i get it im autistic i dont have to know how autism fully works okay i just want to stop being suicidal already because i hate it! i hate it so much! i want to give up and i feel like a burden on everything. i know people love me really but its not like i actually care. when people throw the 'suicidal ppl are selfish' thing around im like... true i am very selfish! i couldnt care less because when i am dead none of their pain will bother me anymore. in everything i do i want to try to not bother people, i wanna stay under the radar so no one has to listen to my bs.
I was so lost and embarrassed in life, I had no idea how to get a job and didn't want to talk to any friends. I deleted almost everyone from social media because I couldn't stand to see their perfect lives. Once again my girlfriend came to my rescue and took me on a road trip across the US. Again, it was incredible. I asked her why the hell she was with me. She told me I was tall, handsome, intelligent and she knew that just as soon as she graduated and we moved in together I would finally be able to build the confidence I needed to succeed. She truly believed in me after all that time. I asked her to marry me. She said yes, but she wanted a perfect wedding so just as soon as I had a group of friends to attend and we were earning some money we would do it. She graduated in August and we moved in together in September. She started working at a nearby hospital and I went and interviewed for a job in retail to pay my half of the rent. I planned on volunteering, making friends and working on getting a better job this year. From September 1st to November 1st this year I no longer had depression. I was getting up every single day, going to work, coming home and making her dinner. I was fixing up a bike to travel around the city and going out for dinner once a week with my soulmate. Then she left me. She knew everything I'd been through and promised me for years that we'd be happy once we got our own place. I travelled every weekend for 5 hours each way on an old bus to keep her company, make her dinner and take her on dates.
This sucks so much right nowSo it's finally happened.  My mom got a transfer to Florida and is selling the house in the next few weeks.  I'm trying to keep myself in a positive mood but every time she calls there's added worry and stress.  I've lived in New Jersey since I was two year old and leaving puts my anxiety through the roof.  I'm going to have to leave my job, my car, my friends and the house I all love.  She's been in Florida for a few weeks living out of an AirBnB and has procured an apartment which I'm worried she didn't take the time to investigate entirely.  She wants me to get a some form of transportation that will carry our things there but the cost of the smallest U\-Haul is $1700.  She's gone through all of this without an ounce of what it will entail and she's dragging my family and me through the mud.  The only solace I get is when I'm asleep but then I wake up again to this nightmare.  My little brother and my older sister aren't stable and my grandmother has to live with an a person she doesn't even like.  My life has been a living hell for months and I honestly cannot take this anymore.  Everyone expect her loses here and the only thing she tells me is how beautiful Florida is which gives very little relief if any.
I (19M) talked to a suicidal stranger in Omegle and now it has somehow affected meOne night, I decided to talk to strangers in omegle. I used our school tag as my interest and I got connected to this girl. Our conversation started normal; she asked me how was Uni and all that. I told her jokingly that I'm tired and I don't wanna live anymore. She replied "Same." followed by "Tomorrow I'll be gone anyway" that is when the vibe of our conversation got serious. I asked her if she was okay and she keeps on saying that she's tired and she doesn't wanna go through the pain. She ranted about how she misses her family and how everything becomes draining that's why she wants to end everything already. I pleaded her to stay with me and I just let her vent everything out in our conversation but it didn't work. She finally told me to tell her parents, friends, and loved ones that she loves them and that she's sorry for leaving them. She's bidding me farewell already because she's gonna do it but I'm still convincing her to stay at least for the night. I am doing the best I can to keep her calm and to convince her to atleast hold on for just the night. I even convinced her to call the suicide hotline, but she disconnected from our conversation. I never knew what happened to her and it left me bothered throughout the night.
Everything is numbThis is my first time doing anything like this but it's also the first time in my life I've ever felt like this. For the past 2 weeks I feel like everything is just numb, for lack of a better word. The stress from school has gotten out of hand, coupled with my overwhelming anxiety and, as of recent, pretty intense depression I feel like I'm just getting through the days with no actual "feeling" of what's happening. Days just fade into each other and I end up lying in bed at the end of the day wondering what I'm even doing, which almost always leads to me worrying about what's to come and how I'm going to get through it. Things like the weekend or having time to sleep in used to make me at least somewhat happy but now they're crushed by the feeling that nothing even matters anymore. All I feel like I'm doing now is putting on an act to get through classes and to get my hw done just so people don't ask questions. But whenever I'm alone I just sit here and think about ways to make it stop. Do I tell someone? Do I go to another therapist and hope they'd actually help this time? I never liked talking to anyone about this kind of stuff because I always manage to convince myself I'm just complaining and I should just figure it out myself. Even if I do manage to talk to someone I end up feeling guilty afterwards because they have their own problems why should they have to deal with mine too.
Wife dropped bomb todayMy wife of four years had been acting weird lately -- mean, indifferent.  Last night we went to a friends house where we planned a couples trip.  Driving home, she told me she was going out on sunday to visit a friend (former ex).  Well I'd never heard of him, so I said it was weird.  She got really defensive about it, and I trusted her so I said okay.  But it bothered me, so this morning I checked her social media.  See, she had an affair before so the deal was I had the passwords.  She had changed ALL her passwords.  Again, I thought it was odd and began to worry.  While I was cleaning the house, I found a hidden journal.  I looked at it and found a journal entry from a few weeks past where she described going out with friends, then having an uber take her a guy's house.  She described very vividly the encounter, including how his family was sleeping inside while they had sex in his truck.  At that point, I knew I wasn't crazy, but still wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt.
ThoughtsI can’t help but wonder “am I one of those people that act depressed for attention?” I haven’t told anybody about it so it’s hard to know for sure but it really feels like nothing I do gives me joy and I’d rather be inside away from everything. I’ve been feeling this way for quite a while now, and I don’t know what to do. Everyday I wake up and think, why should I even bother. I fuck up everything that I do and I can’t seem to form any lasting relationships. When I do I just act like a cunt and mess them up. I can’t think of the last time I had a genuinely good day. Another part of me is saying, “it’s just all that shit you do, you’re fucking up your body” so I’ve tried to get away from all of it but it constantly surrounds me on a daily basis. I’m not suicidal though, because I’m too much of a pussy to hurt myself. Unless it’s one of those many moments I have throughout the day where I can’t feel my face, or my arms, or my legs. Nobody is going to read this, but it felt good to write all of my feelings down.
Onto the next chapter. When I was 11, I was introduced to a boy at a park by a mutual friend. He left very little of an impression on me, but seemed intent on messaging me every day and developing a friendship. He lamented that he had no friends and that I was the only one there for him. Turns out he was a full on psychopath that ended up torturing and isolating me completely from the ages of 11-18. When I refused to date him he claimed that he was going to shoot himself in the head with a crossbow, two months after meeting him. As we got older he completely isolated me from all of my friends and family, and I became incredibly withdrawn. I was constantly told I was stupid, and the only reason I did well in my exams was because he paid people off to get me the grade. I know in hindsight that this is ridiculous and I'm still angry at myself for staying but I was just completely trapped in this world he fabricated - one where he was 'protecting' me from people. He forced me to date him, and would force me to talk him down from suicide and send essays about how much I loved him daily, would wait for me outside of school and would pay my 'friends' to keep an eye on me and report to him what I was doing and what I was saying about him. He'd drag me into woods and sexually assault me, and I just remember staring at the same tree each time to try and get through it. It stopped when a month before my 18th birthday, he told me that the minute I turned 18 I was to marry him and have his children. He also claimed that he had gotten into Oxford (lol) but was going to follow me wherever "idiotic institution" I would end up in because he needed to keep an eye on me. Something in me snapped at the marriage thing, and I woke up. I blocked him on every possible medium and tried to escape. He showed up at my house, put 10 page letters through the door, and tried paying my friends again, but I had cut all of them off. He would also try to follow me home, threatened to attack my sister and called (while also concealing his number so I couldnt block it) me so much that I had to change my number (over 100 times a day). He somehow even showed up at my school's prom, and so I spent the majority of it fighting a panic attack in the bathroom. I ended up going to a top university, which he somehow found out about, and he's been stalking me online ever since. I never feel safe.  It has completely fucked up my mind.
How to go through this week?One year ago I tried to kms during a special event at my school, it was during a small party with a few people and I made it look like it was just some dumb drunk things, so my "friends" have been joking about it for a year not knowing I was serious. Now this week the same event is being held at my school and everything reminds me of it, and all my "friends" just joke even more about it. Now I've never been so depressed in months and I'm so anxious just thinking about it. I don't want to go through this week and act like it's fine. I'm too afraid it will trigger me and I'm nearly having panic attacks just thinking about last year. Another friend, nearly the only one I trust and who knows about it told me I can just tell him if I'm not feeling well and hell help me but idk, I'm too much of a burden for him already. Idk what to do I can't skip the week but I don't want to be triggeeed. There will be parties again and I don't know what I'll do if I drink, sorry I just needed to let that out
AloneI often feel really upset over small things. Everyday i think about everything wrong I've done and how i could be better or look better, but i always feel like its unfixable. I feel so alone because i don't even talk to my family anymore. I left my dads house to live with my boyfriend and his family almost a year ago because i was sick of feeling like a burden and sick of my dad and stepmom controlling me completely. But now i feel worse off. I found out my bf cheated on me a lot and we aren't dating anymore, but we still act like we are and i feel so stupid for letting all of this happen. I don't want to be alone though. I tried getting my ex back and he's all for it, but its too much right now. I know i need to take time to fix myself, but i just feel like shit most of the time. I feel unattractive and useless. I feel like no one is really there for me unless i have something to give them. I've always felt so alone and distant from others, but its time that i get a job and learn to drive and start college, but I'm do far behind. Im 18 and i see no hope for my future...
These random spikes of happiness and hope really fuck you up after. Nothing matters now.You guys ever get outside, get that extreme spark of motivation like, “Fuck yeah! Things are looking up for me now. This world can kiss my ass because I’m gonna make it out of here!” Then, what feels like seconds later, something comes and rains shit on you. It’s like nothing ever lasts. When the fuck are people like us ever gonna get a break? Were shoveling shit all day, everyday and nobody fucking cares. But the instant we say we’re giving up, everyone’s like “Oh no! You have so much to live for! Think about x,y, and z! You can’t give up! Things are gonna get better!” Yeah, shove it up your ass. You’re just trying to make sure your conscience is clean when I’m dead and gone. You think you care, but you’re really just being cautious for yourself and trying to save your own soul while acting to save another. Good luck with that. I’m tired of being told to get help. With what fucking money? All just to talk to some damn superficial person who is literally being paid to be a friend to me because I’m so fucking shit at doing it without paying? What the hell is the point of trying? I’m stuck here, just like I’ll always be. Just give me the freedom to take my leave. I’ll be happy then, but I’ll be decaying in the ground by then. Ironic, huh?
My earliest memory is watching my mom shove my dad to the floor before picking me up and taking me into her bedroom. She locked her bedroom door, held me on her lap, and told me not to worry. My dad was outside the door, screaming at her to let me out, to give me to him. Her response: “I’ll give you one of her fingers.” There was a heavy duty fan with metal blades running and she held an empty cigarette pack against the blades. The noise it made was loud and I remember crying. My dad screamed and the door started rattling from his attempts to break in. My mom turned the fan off but decided  I wasn’t crying loud enough so she pinched my thigh and twisted hard enough for me to scream. By the time my dad broke the door down, I was covered in tears and snot the way only a toddler can be, and my mom was sitting on the edge of the bed smoking and smiling. He checked me over and broke down in tears. My mom looked at him and said, “The nest time you threaten to call the police on me, it won’t be a bluff." My dad moved out the next day.
I've been stuck in a rut since they both passed and every time I try to get back on my feet, I fail. Mostly cause of me as I give up trying at times. I've been in the process of trying to empty out this house (it was their home, but there's still a mortgage and the bank filed a foreclosure in December so I know I have to empty it out but every time I start to, I get sidetracked, find something of theirs and then fall back into a spiral of self-loathness and hatred) . I feel like I'm failing myself as I failed them. I'm failing my son as I haven't seen him in months. I tried to have another roommate in June after mom passed, and they left after stealing my TV and not paying anything. I then tried another roommate in August and they left without paying so I was w/o water from the end of August - December when a family member helped me out. I had gotten a job somewhere in September and another friend bought me a gym membership so I could shower there and still work. It feels as if when I had less, I rose up and handled things, but now I'm ok at home with a job (still shitty at 10-18 hrs a week despite trying to get more hours) I figuratively fall and can't get back up.
Just need someone anonymousI don't really know how to start this off so I'll just be blunt about it. I'm depressed. I haven't told anyone and this is the first time I'm saying anything about it. I've been like this for about 4 years now I always feel like everyone hates me and I'm always letting everyone down. I'm a guy but I've always had only female friends other than sports teammates (which very few of them actually liked me anyways). It's always been so hard for me to make guy friends and I don't know why. I get made fun of at school and I always feel so out of place. It's not much better with my female friends either. I'm always everyone's vent, which isn't bad except for the fact that I can't ever vent to them. Well... I shouldn't say i cant vent to them. I just can't bring myself to do it. I just want them to be happy and I don't want to trouble them with my problems. I always try to be the shoulder everyone can cry on but I don't have that person in my life because I don't want to bother them. I want to tell my closest friend but I can't ever bring myself to do it when the time comes. I can't even tell my girlfriend. Every time someone asks me "how are you?" I always lie and say I'm "good", "great", or even that I "can't be better". And I'm always the one apologizing for everything because I don't want my friends to think that something is their fault. I don't hurt myself physically but I often find myself muttering the words "I really want to kill myself". I just don't know what to do. I'm sorry I made this so long but if you read all of it... thank you for being my vent.
This time she really started seeing a professional psychologist. We went to a couple sessions together to work on our communication. Things really seemed to be getting better. We were having sex a few times a week. We were saving money and were planning on buying a home. Fast forward again to late 2016, one night she tells me she's going out with her friends and would be home later. She didn't get home till 3:30 in the morning, this was extremely unusual as she is normally in bed by 11. Then she wakes up at 6 in the morning and say's she's going for a walk. Doesn't return for 5 hours. I'm calling her, no answer. I'm starting to freak out. She comes home and says she can't do this anymore. It doesn't take me long to figure out what had happened. She met a dude from out of town that she was talking to online at a hotel room. He's 20 years older than her. This asshole drove 4 hours to swoop in and completely ruin my life. 15 years stolen away from me in the blink of an eye.  I have an utter melt down. Felt like my life was over and was basically suicidal for several weeks.
What are my options? I'm 20 years old, live at home with my dad, so I don't have much responsibility thankfully. I've done quite a bit with my life that I'm happy about, so I feel like I was doing what I wanted, so it's tough thinking about how to change. All the things I've been doing have helped me grow as a person and alleviate that sort of depression you get when you're just not doing anything with yourself. But again now when I start doing those things I experience a lot of stress and have to come to a stop, thus depression can come back... I kind of yearn for when things didn't feel this stressful; the first two years of college feel like they could have been ages ago, and man I thought THAT was a challenge because during that time I was just finding myself. Looking back on it though it was just easy to live in the present and deal with stress as it came, not battling it every waking hour. I understand things about mindfulness, meditation, making the right choices, etc., but man that doesn't explain why I can't get enough sleep.
Why I am so depressed it hurts when I want to go but I have no way and has to work and can only take one day off and she can not drive far because of her engine light but I live in Georgia but one is another part of Georgia and I live 2 or 4 hours away and it sucks I have no way when I reallyI really want to do this for me and my life to get me off a fresh start in my life but the same with moving out of state i will have no way and nobody in another state i will be all alone in a state and my mom can not leave her job to help me. I want to do job corps but I don’t have a way to get to it even though i signed up and is it some in Georgia? I really need this to get me on track but i also want to move out of Georgia when i get everything and this done with and over but i have no way to get there so if my mom can not take me or find me a way there then nobody will take me but nobody talks to me so it feels like i have nobody anymore more like i get rejected and ignored when i like people to be here for me so i guess i can never do nothing but i really want this to be a start but this is something i want to succeed.
Lost my job during the Christmas monthSome companies can really be as low as cold blooded but mostly sales is one of them imagine you have a family to take care of and its December and the next thing you know the supervisor comes by and visits. Then he calls you in the back to let you go due last month's quota, now it's understandable that goals have to be hit in order for them to get their bonuses and the employee will get his or hers commission but even if you hit your quota you'll never get your commission due to taxes and other deductions so in reality you're not getting anything out of being a top sales rep or regular sales rep you getting screwed regardless. So in a way you're happy but also sad due to money troubles so there's no win maybe I further my education to improve but what ever you major in its a risk for a reason sometimes I feel like I'm broken sometimes I feel humble or maybe I'm just insane without a cause the world doesn't revolve around anyone but you question the reason for your existence and how a can we be born into this cruel world when anyone can die peacefully or painfully. The month prior I lost a former mentor and educator.that was a big part of my life. And now that his gone I regret never reaching out to him for advise after my high school years it's like I'm on boulevard of broken dreams.each month gets worse and I'm just along for the ride until then this is my depression.
I was painfully shy as a teenager and threw myself into my studies as a means to escape. The one thing I still had going for me was my ability to concentrate because depression hadn't kicked in yet. I left school with straight A grades and went off to study at one of the best universities in my country, it is placed alongside Ivy League universities in world rankings. I wanted to study medicine and become a cancer specialist but I didn't have the self-esteem to apply and opted for human biology instead. Just before I left for college I went to a party in my hometown and met a girl who was about to go and study medicine at a college around 100 miles from mine. It was a perfect night when everyone from school was there saying goodbye to each other and I must have looked a lot more popular than I was with everyone coming to say goodbye to me. She approached *me* and got talking about my plans for college, our chemistry was insane and then she started kissing me. It was unbelievable, she was incredibly beautiful and smart and only had eyes for me.
Depressed and lonely [Rant]Just started university classes again and I just realized that I made no friends last year. I was sitting on a bench this afternoon watching people. They all had somebody to talk to somebody to say hello to. I don't and I feel depressed because of it. Just about everyday walking to class I cross a street and walk down the side walk. Every time I see a car I just think about stepping in front of it. I wonder if they would even notice me in time? Would anybody be worse off if I died? Every damn day. I have nobody I can talk to. I try to keep my head up and smile at people but it feels fake and they all just look at the ground. I sometimes wonder how futile it is to even go to school. I mean my grades are great but really whats the point of learning this shit if I can't share it with anybody. It's like hiding a Monet up in the attic. I feel like I am just going through the motions of life and waiting for something to click. Something to change. But nothing ever will. It never has I am still a ghost to the world just a shade. I don't really value my life. I feel like an imposter. A wolf in sheep's clothes.
I realize this is probably a fool's errand. Many will jump in and say "file for divorce now, get a lawyer", etc. but everyone's life and situation are different. This has had to be the most civil, whats the hollywood phrase, 'conscious uncoupling' ever. I know at some point we will have to do something, file or whatever but whatever this is for now, it is sort of working. Limbo sucks but so does divorce, lawyers, etc. I don't know the purpose of this post, I just spent a few hours with her this morning and intensely missed her and felt real love for her still. I don't think I am a sucker or a doormat or whatever. I am a guy who loves this family and his wife. Maybe I am devoted to something that is no longer there. Maybe the ship has sailed. Maybe there is hope but I have to have zero expectations surrounding that hope. When I get paranoid I think that she thinks that "wow, this guy is not giving up" and that eventually she'll be with someone new, I'll become aware of it and that will finally get me to give up hope. Maybe that is the case and if so, that will be a sad day.
After going to Hams and telling him what happened he showed me to the camper and told me what I could use and what not to touch. I was trying my best to be presentable, taking moments when I would choke on words to breath so I could proceed to talk normally. Hams grandmother absolutely loved me so she agreed with little to no hesitation. I stayed in that camper the rest of the evening crying. I work up to the sunlight and immediately jumped from the bed and got my shit together. I didn't have the time so I ran to all the bus stops from closes to furthest and all the kids where gone. I knew I was late. So I walked for almost 4 hours from my town to the town of my school and attended class like everything was normal. Teachers and students only thought I was late for the bus. There was only one friend I would trust. I'll call him Pup. Cause he loved Puppies. I had told him about what happened and asked if I could stay at his home so I could finish the last two days of school and I would go back to my home town and stay with one of the many extended families I had. I didn't just go out their, one cause drama in my family spreads faster then a fire at an oil plant. Two, Cause I would not have been able to come back for the rest of my classes.
Is this something that can be medicated? Can you "medicate" stress away? Or does it boil down to lifestyle changes? I've done a pretty damn good job of having a healthy lifestyle for the past couple years, which is another frustrating thing. I don't drink, smoke, but admittedly I think about sex too much and I'd say that is my vice at the moment. It was also a source of stress for me that contributed to this chronic stress in some way. That said, I don't pursue sex in an unhealthy way but I might be a little more flirty or resort to jackin it to try and fill some sort of void that I'm missing. I eat pretty healthily, not a fan of soda or junk food, I see food more as calories and less for pleasure. Other than that, I loved weightlifting and for a good while was able to do both cardio and heavy lifting. Now, however, I feel like that contributes to my stress a little bit because I know I don't sleep enough to be able to lift weights and recover without it causing too much stress. I want to bulk up a bit, and get back to more intense/heavier lifting, but I'm not sure if that's even healthy for me in my given state. At the same time, I get stressed out after a week or two if I'm NOT doing that. Lol again with the flipping a token thing.
Has anyone had issues with the stbx acting like everything is good and being friendly?Let me explain.  Husband cheated on me about a month ago.  It fell through with his mistress and he came back home.  Started acting nice doing things like picking up after himself more than usual or doing dishes (he barely did anything around the house before).  Still trying to turn me on and have sex and generally acting like nothing ever happened.  Meanwhile, I say we need separation and he immediately starts going out with this new chick he knows from long ago.  Goes out almost every day and has fun with her, leaves me with the kids.  Comes home and tries to have normal conversations or tries to have sex with me or cuddle or whatever like nothing new is going on.  Then he gets pissed, saying I’m acting hostile and distant to him.  Like wtf?  Is he deluded?  I mean, he wants me to be friends with these chicks too.  I’m trying to get him out of the house and he’s looking for apartments with this new chick, but wth?  I just don’t get what’s going on in his head.  I honestly don’t even know how to respond.  It’s just such confusing behavior to me.  Anyone else experience this?
Divorce came out of no whereSo me and my now ex-wife started dating when I was 17 and she was 16. We originally met at Muscular Dystrophy Association Summer camp, because, we both have a form but different forms of Muscular Dystrophy. A year after we got married she was diagnosed with Hodgkin’s Lymphoma and, was with her through every step of the way (not that I wouldn’t have). After about a half a year of chemo and many doctors visits she was in remission. One day she came to me that she had been in her head a lot and that she wanted a divorce but, when asked why she only says she has changed and doesn’t love me like that anymore. Now sex had been a talking point we had many times, because, after cancer treatment her sex drive was always low. I don’t know it all is confusing because I feel like it really came out of nowhere because we were doing great but, now I’m a disabled unemployed 28 year old dude that had to move back in with his parents which sucks.
Seriously looking for help and or advise as i see only 1 course of action leftHello. My name is...well like myself that is unimportant. I live in texas and am 27 years old. In the past 4 months my life has gotten to the point where i have lost all controll and only see 1 course of action left. A little before christmas i had my house broken into. Everything they took i was ok with except for 1 thing. They took my box of important papers (i.e my social security card, birth cirtificate etc etc.) Well normally i would do the normal thing and replace them. The only issue is i am now stuck in a giant loop and have been for months. In order to get my id i need my birth cirtifcate and my social (or two similar forms of identification). I was able to get my birth cirtificate my miraculous dumb luck. But now in order to get my social i need my birth cert. And a state picture i.d. well i cant get that id with out said social security card. Normaly i would be like fuck it i dont need it i got a job. But recently i was fired for...well lets just say as a waiter that customers can be some real dicks...especially drunken dennys bar rush customers. So i was fired and had a trespassing whatever its called put on me by dennys ( hence why i cant just get a copy of said papers from them).i have tried everything and am about to be homeless, jobless and without a single person that actually wants to help instead of calling me a lazy bum millennial who just needs to get a job. Everyone tells me this on a daily basis knowing full well my situation. Look im not here asking for money or anything like that. All i want is help. Any form of help i can get (preferably a way t ok get the stuff i need) because unlike what is said about me i am the only one of my generation of family that has had a job for the past 4 years consistently and tries to work hard. But this past month has been hard. Hard mentaly, financialy, emoionaly, just hard in every way imaginable. As soon as i was fired and she saw i was unable to keep a job ( i have been hired and fired from 5 diffeent places this month alone all because legally i need a social and an id to get paid). Shortly after that the only emotional support i had (my 9 year old pit bull/boxer mix that i raised from 9 weeks old) was let out of my apartment by a "friend" while i was at work because they broke in and forgot to close the door when they left. So needless to say my dog was captured and lacking $250 to get her out of pound she was put down. Im at the point where i feel death is better than the  horrible future i am facing. Struggling to just eat 3 times a week ( like i allready currently am) and likely begging on the corner for change. As i have allready stated if givin the opourtunity i will work and i will do what i gotta do. But i have tried everything. Well almost...i have not yet attempted to preemptively stike against my looming future. Please just give me a reason to not do this. Help me find a solution to my problem b4 i give up all hope. Please someone
First time postingI’ve never been diagnosed with depression, but everyday I look around and just look at everyone and think, everyone is better then me, I insult my self to the fullest extent that I can because I feel like I deserve it. Idk why I do, it just feels right. I believe I will die alone on this earth. I have a friend who I talk to sometimes (when I don’t feel like it’s a burden to talk to them) who deals with worse things that actually affect them with their day to day life I never had a bad life growing up. I feel as if I deserve nothing. I somehow convinced myself that no one likes me and everyone is waiting for the perfect time to turn on me. I want to die, I won’t ever do it cause it’ll just cause more problems with my family having to deal with funeral cost and what not. When I was about 8 or 9 my little brother drowned when he was 2 and I blame myself every day because I wasn’t there. I tell my myself that I murdered my brother because I wasn’t there to save him all because I wanted to hang with my uncle (he’s two years older then me) I believe my family hates me because of it. I left a void in my mother’s heart who’s now trying to fill it by fostering kids because of the tragedy that happened that day. I hate myself with every fiber in my being. I go to work most days thinking how everyone wants nothing to do with me because of how annoying and obnoxious I am. I’m going to my best friend’s weeding next month and I’m happy for him and sad to know that I will never experience such happiness in my life. I was scrolling through Facebook today looking through my suggested friends and just looked at all the people who hated me in high school (the ones that had ever come in contact with me) idk what else to say so I guess I’ll end my post here as I’m trying to hold back the tears and I’m also tired and have to go to work in 6 hours. Sorry if this is unorganized and incoherent.
I wish I could erase my existenceI was diagnosed with clinical depression when I was fifteen, given anti-depressants after my first break up, and then diagnosed with bpd a few months ago. I feel like my life has somehow gotten significantly harder since I came out to everyone because it feels like friends I've known for years have started treating me differently. I'm so toxic in relationships, no matter how hard I've tried to change that. My most recent relationship felt like everything was going well, but out of nowhere she broke up with me and I still haven't managed to gain enough confidence to date again. She's now dating a guitarist who is way cooler than I could've ever been, and I wish more than ever I could be happy for her, but I'm not, I just feel broken and stupid for thinking I had a chance with her. I'm way too mentally unstable, so girls have a really hard time keeping up with me. I can't properly deal with stress, since everything stessful that happens feels like it's effecting me more than I know it should, and I genuinely think that it's pushing people away because they tell me I'm being too sensitive.
My mom keeps laughing at me whenever I get upsetSo today I got really upset because my mom called the electric company a long time ago and they came today about our bill, my mom denied it was us who called. He asked the other neighbors and he was asking for the apartment that called them about the bill, he said that they had low income so they were trying to see if they can figure out what to do with the bill or something along those lines. (So my mom tried telling them that after using the heater ONCE in the winter, the bill was $300) After hearing that, I told my Mom about it. We have low income because my mom is the only one working and she doesn’t have her green card yet, our dad also left us so it’s harder for her to clean houses for money. So anyways I told my mom that we could’ve saved money. She said it doesn’t matter, I told her that I know that my mom can’t earn money. That’s why I always try to find ways to save money. I’m only 12 and Im aware  going through puberty so I get mad easily. I was shouting back, asking her why she never tried to save money. She doesn’t respond and starts laughing at me, I’ve been getting stressed out a lot this past week and my mom just doesn’t help. She laughs whenever I get stressed, she tries to communicate to others about useless things with her extremely broken English, and she keeps using her money on useless things. Overall I’m fine with all the other things but I just get way more stressed when my mom keeps laughing at me when I get upset. It is unlikely for me not to start crying when she starts laughing. She then starts laughing at me even more, I’m having second thoughts on her being a nice person. I’m starting to think that she bullied others, all I know is that my mom fought with other kids to be at a “higher level” of a clique, a leader, I remember her telling me about a mark on her back from fighting. I know I went off topic a bit while typing this but I’m just really annoyed that my mom laughs at my stress and calls me insane for shouting. I’ve tried many times, asking her not to laugh at me while I’m stressed out, it never works. I have no idea how to make her stop, I was wondering if anyone could suggest anything to make my mom listen.
Another thing that bothered me was the inequity and inherent unfairness in our society.  People who are rich do what they want outside the rule of law.  Don’t even try to tell me otherwise.  It is an insult to anyone with a brain.  From that shithead President Donald Trump, through Senator McConnel (pure satanic evil), down through the rich assholes I continued to meet.  They did terrible things to others.  Cheated them out of their life saving yet they slept well at night.  In hindsight and in light of our society’s rewards, I should have become a ruthless asshole when I was younger and then maybe I wouldn’t be where I am today.  Good guys are not rewarded.  Assholes are.  Don’t try to deny it. Look around. the facts are there.  Only poor people actually pay for their crimes.  Rich people treat others like shit.  Just start to observe the way people who drive very expensive cars like Mercedes, BMWs, Audis, etc.  They drive like crap.  They cut corners.  They don’t stop at Stop signs, etc.  Just the never-ending unfairness wore me down.
After highschool I got a job and moved out. I was pretty good with keeping up with work, and I even found a new job all on my own. I don't think I called off once from work, which is the complete opposite of how I was in highschool. I would just not attend school when I knew I didn't have to. By that I mean that most notes were posted online, and I managed to stay in honors even though I missed so many days of school. It go so bad that I don't think I had a single full 5 day week of attending during my senior year of HS. Anyways I think the thought of work being not really something I can skip without consequence kept me in fear of skipping work unlike HS. Regardless of this I still kept to myself and went back to the same routine after work. I would spend my hours between work just playing games and etc. I would sit at work and wish that I was at home playing games and etc. There was and still is nothing I want more in life than to just sit at home and watch youtube videos and netflix and browse reddit. I don't even play video games anymore, I just sit on the couch and consume these media. If I could choose a life where I would just do this and nothing else for the rest of my life, I would be ok with it.
The world is retarded and I don't want to live in itI've pretty much had it with this fucking planet. Everyone is either a complete idiot, evil and immoral, or some combination thereof. it's like i'm the only one who knows right from wrong. i have a 1 year old son and was in a relationship with his mom for 4 years before i found out she lied to me about her basic values for the entire fucking relationship.  she just sees him as a trophy and a way to stroke her own ego anyway. she is a hedonist and i am slowly but surely gravitating back toward the christian values i was raised with, even though i dont really  believe in the stories literally. i think theyre allegorical stories to teach us right from wrong. anyway yeah so she likes to go out to the bar and get drunk with satanists and moral relativists and it pisses me off because she is going to indoctrinate our son with her fucking shit values and i cant take it and everyone is on her goddamn side because this world is so fucking programmed with feminism and bullshit like that and people dont even know what goddamn gender they are anymire boys are girls and girls are boys and \[people dont understand basic fucking biology or any other kind of science becaus epeople just want to believe whatever n=makes them feek good abd dont care about te facts or reality and goddamnim just sick of it all everyone isso fucking stuipid and getting stupider they all lkisten to shoit mudsic like mumble rap etc etc there is no more art or creativity evertyhgin is homogenized and everyone is a goddamn satanist moral relaticist or solipsist abnd i really dont want to live in  world that is made up of people like that i am dso depressed mpore depressed than io have ever been in my life and im 27 and been struggling with depression since my early teens but now ive actually fot something to lose now that i  have a kid i hate the world and i just want to die
"...though some of the worst days are those when the cape randomly shifts your alignment to neutral evil. Suddenly you can feel again, but the cape allows you only one single feeling: Anger. You're angry at the cape for having so much power over you, you're angry at yourself for letting it happen and you're angry at your enemies and allies alike. You start to remember every single time insult and injury, from the small goblin that threw rocks at you all the way up to the lich sending wave after wave of mindless undead after you. You remember every single time your tank failed to protect you, every single healing spell cast just a second too late. Suddenly you're the fickle god again, looking down on the masses with a smile of disdain on your face. For a moment you're glad. You feel. And then the next day it's over. The cape has worked its curse again, only to leave you ashamed and guilty for being cruel to your allies and vindictive towards your enemies. But fear not, the cape is still there, wrapping you in nothing that protects you from nothing."
When I met you I was a total wreck my life had no direction no meaning. You brought stability and love to me I desperately needed.Early on in our relationship I was dependent on you for everything. I loved you but I was unaware of how selfish I was. I cared more about myself and my feelings first then yours. That pushed you away over time. Social media has a lot of temptations out there and it's easy to get deceived. People can hide what they truly are and pretend they are something they are not. I let that happen as much as you did. Had I been a stronger partner and less selfish you would have never pursued any of those temptations. I in a way pushed you there. I understand that now. I forgive you for that and I'm  letting it go. When we got back together I was in a much better place then I was early in our relationship. I didn't need you to do everything for me. I could do things on my own and my career was starting to take off. I prioritized work over everything else and that was a mistake. In my  head that was the most important thing I could do for us. I really thought that I was showing love to you by being able to provide. I couldn't ever let go all those feeling from the past and in the long run that would end up being the nail in the coffin for our relationship. The lack of trust would end up doing me in. I think in a way god is trying to talk to me and show me the things in life I need are right in front of me. I had everything I wanted and was to blind to see it. I had a beautiful wife a awesome son a house and a great family. I have lost my wife and house but have gained some perspective on life it's not about what you have but how you appreciate what you have. Sometimes in life you don't realize how good you have it till it's gone. They're a lot of things I took for granted I realized that but by that time it was to late you already had other influencers in your life. It didn't matter what I said or did anymore because I didn't have your heart anymore and other people were in your ear. I know that now I'm not mad at  anybody anymore. I hope one day you will find peace and forgive me. I know the things I must focus on.  I have been debating sending this too you.writing all this down has given me some closure and I hope it does the same for you. This was not intended to make anything any harder on you. I'm sorry for the way things have turned out and wish I could change them but I can't . I wish nothing but the best in life for you.I will always love you for what you have done for me. I hope I did something for you that in the end you can take away and maybe one day look at the good times and not the bad. I do truly believe you and I were meant for each other but sometimes it's just doesn't work out and  that's ok. Love I will always be here to help you I promise that.
Ex-wife Post-mortemFour years after our divorce, my ex-wife finally admitted her adulterous ways. All this time, within the very few moments we communicated, she would deny or be very vague about the days she’d disappear and be off-grid for hours. I would ask soft questions to try and softly get her to admit but she caught on and would change the subject. We both knew the truth obviously, as we went through the difficult process of divorce and started new lives. I’m married now and expecting a girl with my amazing new wife. However, I couldn't fully move on. My past was still was a thorn on my side. I needed closure. All throughout the last four years, she’d just repeat that "she fucked up" and that I never deserved it but when I would ask, “well - tell me what you did?”, she would not say anything. That alone bothered me. It wasn't enough. What can someone hold out for four years? How bad was it? I don’t know why, but it felt like that information held power over me.
I just want someone else to know thisThe person who i wanted more than anything slipped through my fingers a year or so ago after a year of dating, and for a seemingly unknown reason at that, meaning i still dont really understand why we broke up. I havent been able to stop thinking about her, when im asleep i dont dream and when i do its always nightmares with her in them, not as the bad guy(well sometimes) but as the person helping me pushing me to defeat the evil that is plaguing my dream state and i always wake up crying. A few months ago i quit smoking cigarettes, and tbh the only reason i kept smoking after we broke up was because it reminded me of her but i get up every morning and fight the urge to go to the gas station and buy a pack. Its been terrible, i dont have anyone to talk to and my friend who said she would talk to me bailed on our phone call. I dont have the strength to do this anymore, its tearing me apart and i just want to be happy again. Thank you all for reading, have a nice day.
Post-divorce for 1.5 months and dating other peopleI [23F] just got a divorce about a month and a half ago. It’s still waiting for it to be finalized, but it will be within the next month or two. But we’ve been separated for about a month and a half. Since then, I’ve had sex with 4 guys...all guys that I met on dating apps. I started it out as just a distraction but now I’m finding myself wanting a relationship. This is due to having sex multiple times and realizing that’s not really what I truly want...I mean I want sex but I also want the emotional connection to go with it. So I met a guy last weekend that I REALLY like. I told him about my divorce and he seems cool with it. I’m just worried that he’s just playing me and only wants sex. He said he’s looking for a serious relationship but I don’t really trust what guys say anymore. So I like this guy but I’m wondering if it’s too soon for me to even be in a serious relationship. I’m fretting over this guy in the midst of just getting out of a divorce. Sometimes I just wish I could focus on one thing at a time and I feel like I have too much on my plate because I’m not only adjusting to unmarried life, but now I’m fretting over this random dude, hoping he’ll text me back. I’m wondering if I’m too vulnerable right now, and need to get my life together first before worrying about starting a new relationship. This is kind of a rant but just wanting some opinions. It’s kinda stressful dating but I’ve also been able to have some fun with it and it’s given me something to look forward to.
LonelinessI don't know what to do. I have only one real friend that is so intelligent and smart who cares about his education and really wants to do well in school. He lives in the same town as me, we go to different schools but we mainly talk online. I talk to others but not enough to consider them real friends. If I have a problem or issue I talk to this friend. The only issue is I don't have his desire for doing well in education, I just don't feel the need for working towards a future that is so unknown to me. He will go on to uni at some point and we will stop talking online. We usually talk everyday online but once that stops I have no one. I will have no one to turn to. I don't even talk to my parents much and I'm really in such a shit state because I know that there will be a day when he will go off and do good things which I don't want to prevent him from doing but once he's gone I'm all on my own. When I'm alone is when I'm mostly depressed anyway and that's usually on a temporary basis. Once it turns permanent, I'm am so fucking scared and worried for what will happen to me and I don't know what to do about it.
* **Protect your kids**. This is protecting them for further emotional difficulties. Like don't introduce them to your new BF/GF right away. Give them time to get used to mom and dad not living together. Make sure the new person is someone you want to be with long term. And **take it slow** when it becomes time to introduce them. Chances are they will bond with the new person quickly unless you present them as someone replacing your Ex. The last thing they need is to become attached to someone new and then that person exits their life. My GF of 3 months and I have not introduced each other to our respective kids. My girls know she exists (little snoop daughter saw a few thankfully tame texts), but have no real knowledge of her. Ex has been introduced to her BF's kids (both older) and has introduced her BF to our College freshman. But they have been dating for 6 months. It's all being taken slowly. And hopefully this will make it all easier for the kids.
SadnessSadness may be just a physical state of my being, however, I not sure if it’s my lack of melatonin or just who I am. I look to find a happy place to rest my thought, but they seem to always drift to melancholy fields where the wind blows empty with sad thoughts. I lay awake at night sifting through the memories of my mind hoping that one day it will rest in lavender fields with endless rays of sunshine. Is it possible without a frontal lobotomy? I wish I knew the answer. I think sadness comes from a multitude of things. Genetics, life events and regrets all play a role in the melancholy thought process. How do we turn the events of the past or our genetic metabolism into warm fuzzy thought? This takes work and I mean a lot of work. Not just run of the mill physical work, no this is mind work. It’s like putting your brain on a tread mill at high speed and watching your thoughts spin by a million miles an hour hoping to find the sadness trigger so that you can stop the tread mill and examine it. Then we need to identify the culprit. Next comes the microscope where we begin to identify every fragment of that thought until we find an antidote to reverse the effects of it. Now we’ve handled one of our melancholy thoughts, what about the hundred million more that have already fired? Sifting through these thoughts is like examining all the grains of sand on Venice Beach. Millions of thoughts with neurons firing left and right to get to the root cause of our sadness. It’s going to be awhile for us to get to the bottom of this whole sadness issue. One thought at a time. The more we examine ourselves, the more sunshine we’ll fine.
My little sister is my best, and only, friend. I try and talk to her as much as possible but she's just hit that teenage phase where her friends and boyfriend are more important and though I'm happy that she has such a good social life its tearing me apart that my only friend now doesn't seem to care. I think that's also partly down to my parents... they argue a lot (apparently solely because of me) and she gets the backlash... I have no clue what they tell people or her about me but I have to assume it's bad. I put my sister through so much growing up and I'm now grasping at straws trying to fix it, buying her gifts of art, games, figurines, movies, anything she could possibly want. I'm trying to buy my best friend/sister back so I'm not alone in this fucking world. My older sister has nothing to do with me and its tearing me apart that despite the different lifestyles we've led (not going into details but she has made some questionable and downright terrible choices in her life) she is in the position I want to be in, parents who would give her anything and love her unconditionally  (she's my half sister on my dad's side), talent, a family and a fiance.
     I'm jealous of my wife. And completely confused as well. Because through a year now that held some of the most miserable Hell I've ever experienced, through 2 affairs now, through all the struggle and fighting and uncertainty, she has NEVER had trouble sleeping. Not falling asleep or staying asleep. Unless I'm not in bed, or if I look at my phone. She can't sleep if I'm not in the room and in bed. Go fucking figure. And 9/10 times, if I pick up my phone and look at it, she will wake from a sound sleep. She'll sleep through me watching the TV witj the volume at a respectably low volume, lights, flashes and all. But she can sense when I use my smartphone. It's not the light (autodimmed) or the noise (unnecessary noises bother me, all muted). Out of a sound sleep she'll startle the shit out of me. A face appears in the dim light of my screen, squinting to see what I'm looking at, and "What are you doing?" Out of complete silence. I mean startled me into jumping many times. But that's another matter. My point is that she can still sleep! She doesn't toss or turn, she doesn't like awake forever worrying about the things I am. She just falls right to sleep when she's ready and wakes up when she gets tired of snoozing her alarm around a dozen times. And me? I can't make my mind stop.
Final Court Date yesterday, divorce is official.I'm a bit of an emotion mess at the moment. Sunday night my EXW texts me asking if I was ok. She said she was sad about tomorrow(which would have been yesterday) and told me she still loved me. I didn't respond back to that last text, I just left it at that because I was not in a good place to be having that conversation being it the night before our final court date. Court date rolls around yesterday and she's already there. I walked into the court room and just sat down at the first available empty row of seating. Then I get a text from her asking if I'd want to sit next to her.So I get up and walk back to the row she's on and have a seat. It's pleasant enough and we exchange hello's and a brief hug. First hug in almost a year. It still felt kind of normal to sit close to her with having her arm wrapped around mine. I put my hand on her lap, wasn't quite sure why I was doing that, maybe for comfort? So we're waiting for the judge and there's a lawyer there who explains to us all that he's there for free and wants to ask us the initial questions to try to speed up the process for all the people there. Just to make sure we all have our answers straight. There's one question towards the end, "Do you feel that there is any chance for reconciliation?" EXW looks at me behind teary eyes and just sort of smiles. She says, "I'm not happy, but I'm here anyways." Goddammit.  Lawyer guy makes a joke and we all laugh, she calmed down a bit and I was able to suppress the urge to start bawling. We were called up and the pit of my stomach sank, almost felt like throwing up. We run through all the questions a lot faster than I was expecting. Judge didn't contest a single thing we put on our final decree, "Divorce granted" was the only thing he said.
Not sure what I want.Wife [28f] and I [32m] have been on rocky ground for years. She has BPD and has been physically, verbally, and emotionally abusive. Including hitting me, choking me, threatening to harm our pets while I was at work, and texting me that she was going to hurt or kill herself while I was at work. She alienated me from friends, and forced me to go to therapy, then would grill me about what I told my therapist. In addition to this: she doesn't drive and is completely dependent on me to get around, even after promising for years to get her license. I dreaded going home, and when I was at home I was constantly on eggshells. Our sex life used to be consistent and satisfying but now we haven't had sex in the past couple of years that i can remember. Instead of handling things like a mature adult I cheated on her. She found out shortly after and kicked me out. It's been a few days and she says that she wants to work on the marriage and is afraid to lose me but I'm not sure if that's even what I want. I told her that I didn't know what I wanted to do yet and wanted to get therapy (actual therapy) for some additional perspective on what I should do. She asked if we could discuss it in person and after crying and saying that she would change elicited a response from me that we could work on it... AFTER I told her that I wanted to speak with a therapist before making a decision. I feel like I'm being sucked back into the old patterns of a toxic relationship again. I don't know if it was manipulation, or if I wasn't firm enough with my boundaries, or both. All I really want is to retreat and work on myself. Sorry for the long post, feeling lost and have nobody to talk to.
About 6 years ago, my wife had finally after years of physical therapy and other approaches, decided along with my input, that we would get surgery done on her spine to correct her horrible back pain she had been suffering for years.  Surgery 1 came and went, however was unsuccessful.  She was worse off than before as the surgery failed.  They did a second surgery to correct the issues caused by the first one.  This one was rough.  Maybe a 60 day recovery time, completely incapacitated, neck brace, bed ridden.  Since then she has gotten better, but still not 100% she has good days and bad days.  The bad days, are, well awful.  She is so completely mean to everyone in the house, yells, is just a complete b\*tch.  She's not the woman I married.  She's fat.  And doesn't care enough to fix it.  I am not sexually attracted to her even remotely at this point.  We signed up at the gym and hired a personal trainer.  I've been working out every day for 3 months and feel/look great.  She doesn't give a shit and never goes to the gym.  She blames everything on her back.  She doesn't want to hurt her back, yet, she's living in misery and refuses to do anything about it.  She takes several medications daily to deal with the pain yet refuses to see the chiropractor, personal trainer, go back to the doctor or anything else I suggest.  I give her massages often, as often as she asks and never complain.  I help out a ton around the house and have taken on 80% of the household chores.  I do homework with the kids because she's just too mean to them and every homework session ends up with her yelling at the kids to tears.  I try to talk to her about all of this stuff and it just gets thrown back in my face.  She's very deflective over literally anything at all.  She will blame me for any and everything she can.  I don't know that I can continue to put up with the abuse of living with this woman I am completely unattracted to, but the down side is that I love my kids more than anything in the world and the thought of not seeing them every single day and knowing they would be with her, being yelled at tears me apart.
I am a merchandising Manager which means I work early in the morning to reset the store, restock the store and work in new merchandise. I am personally responsible for a staff of 4 in my department, but being a manager I have to authority to delegate to any employee below me in the building. My secondary responsibilities every day after the floor is set and the store is open are scheduling, making maps or planograms for new items expected to come in, making reports on shrink and destroys, employee reviews, employee discipline as necessary, talking with upset or angry customers, answering general phone calls, scheduling service or repair for anything in my department that is not working, ordering supplies, inventory of my department, planing and executing a weekly cleaning schedule for the department, building displays for new items, reading and answering company emails, walk the store with the GM and make notes for things to accomplish the next day, making benchmark reports, following up with employees not meeting benchmarks and generally helping to run the store (Cashier if the Front is busy, help customers load heavy items.. etc..). Due to budget cuts and staff reduction all managers usually work 6 days a week, however during a holiday week or if something else is going on (expecting executives to visit) we work 7 days a week. I wake up at 2am and I need to be at work by 3am. I will arrive with at least one other manager and we will look at what we are going to receive that particular day and come up with a plan for the store. Hourly employees start arriving at 4am and then myself and the other managers will delegate the days plan to the employees. We are typically very understaffed to be able to work in new items, recover the floor and excute the GM’s planned item moves for the day, so after we delegate the managers become stockers and work alongside the hourly employees to get done. I don’t mind physical labor and hard work, it’s actually my favorite part of my job, but it’s hard to run an operation as large as restocking and remerchandising a 200,000 sq ft facility while you are stuck stocking. The store opens at 9:30 am at which point I will try to start my administrative tasks, but just like in the morning the building is usually understaffed so it’s more common than not for me to be either cashiering for several hours, or helping out in the deli and/or bakery. Some days I’m lucky enough to get a lot of time in the office to complete my daily tasks, but most days I do not. This is exhausting and draining because while I’m getting literally screamed at about an email not being answered immediately, I am also getting screamed at about why the bakery is low on product even though I'm not the bakery manager and I’m just trying to help us run smoothly. The expectations of my boss and my company as a whole are ridiculous. I am one person and I can only accomplish one task at a time. I can’t write a schedule while I’m expected to be baking cakes for hours after we open. I also need to mention the fact that as a salaried employee we do not get breaks. If you want to eat something you better do it while you’re working and pray you don’t get called to help somewhere because you need to respond immediately. Working over 12 hours without getting 15 minutes guaranteed to eat something really sucks.
I have tried everything to get better I have a therapist and a psychiatrist.  I have tried nearly every anti depressant and am currently on wellbutrin, which doesn't do shit.  I have tried DBT and TMS.  I don't understand why I should keep going.  I have completely fucked my life up.  Even in the best scenario I will probably get the felony and multiple years of probation.  I'll be barred from a ton of jobs that I was interested in.  I can't even get a job at 711 right now because apparently this is already showing up on my background check.  I probably will struggle to get housing in the future.  I can't even imagine having to go to prison much less for 8 fucking years.  I just feel like this is torture, every day that goes by is another day closer to my judgment day.  My friends and family have abandoned me.  I was evicted when I was in jail and lost most of my stuff, I'm broke.  It just doesn't make sense to keep trying.  I feel like I have gave it multiple tries and its just been one failure after another.  I am so fucking lonely but as much as I would love to have a girl in my life a part of me thinks it would be too selfish of me to make someone have to deal with my bullshit and never ending stream of failures.  What is the point?  Even if my life weren't a complete shit show I would still feel this way.  I just feel like I am pointlessly torturing myself at this point.  This whole year has been like a nightmare that I can't wake up from.  Sometimes I wonder if I actually succeeded in killing myself and this is just my punishment.  I forgot what it means like to be happy, to be close to someone, for someone to actually be proud of me.  I feel like I am just a disappointment and I might as well just end the pain instead of waiting for my court date.  I have already pretty much decided that if I get prison time then I will do it but I fear I wouldn't get the chance if that happened.  I felt so helpless in jail, they specifically make the cells so that it is pretty much impossible to kill yourself and that was the situation I feared the most in life.  Losing my freedom, my humanity and locked away in a room with no stimulus with no way out and no way to kill myself.  Why should I continue to wait around for that to happen?
I have struggled with suicidal depression for most of my adult life. I called the suicide hotline back when I was delivering pizzas. It is not a magical fix-everything service. They told me their nearest facility was further away than I could afford to drive on my gas budget. I've tried talking about depression to most of my friends. I'm fortunate to have some great people in my life, but I've lost a lot of relationships because I was open about depression. There are people who don't understand, and they get angry at you when their misguided attempts to help don't work. There are people who just slowly back out of your life because talking to you makes them sad or uncomfortable. I don't blame these people. It is very difficult to deal with someone else's depression. That's nobody's fault, but it makes depression very isolating. I've tried to get professional help many times. I've had doctors who were helpful, but we couldn't afford them. I've had doctors who were unhelpful and made things worse. I've been put on medications that made me better for a little while. I've been put on medications that messed me up so badly I couldn't leave my house and had to switch high schools. This is not even getting into how hard it can be emotionally to seek treatment. You have to be able to admit your deepest problems to yourself, and talk about them articulately with total strangers. I don't know a lot of people who can do that, even without depression. It is very difficult to seek any sort of treatment at all when you honestly don't like yourself and don't believe you deserve to get better. I'm not telling this as a sob story to try and garner sympathy. I just want people to understand that everybody struggling with depression has stories like this. We almost never talk about them because we are trying to pretend to be normal.
When does it get better?23 y/o woman from a third world country in Africa. Life is hard and it's extremely harder when u're alone with no support, no family although they live under the same roof as u and no friends even though u always there for them to the point u become their doormat. Who lied and said "when u hit rock bottom, the only way is up" ? because whenever I'm down life and all the people around me find a way to beat me further down. I spent and still spending my whole life trying to fix myself whether it's my look or my lack of intelligence or my lack of money instead of living and I still didn't accomplish anything. I wish I was born normal in a healthy environment so then I'd have been living for living not fixing. Why am I always there for people who wouldn't bother to look at me twice if I'm the one needing help? Because I know damn well how it feels to be alone and deep down I don't wish that for anyone.I feel as if someone or something ripped my heart from my naked body in public, it is as equally humiliating as it is painful as that.
Advice?My parents have always fought about not having enough money, and they always mention getting a divorce when they fight. For the first time I spoke up about it and said you guys should seriously consider getting a divorce, all of my siblings are well aware of the fact that they should not be together as well, there are other reasons as well as to why they shouldn’t be together, but the main reason is because of money issues. Now I honestly don’t know if they’re going to get a divorce or if they’re just going to push it off as they usually do, and then just wait for another fight happen. Cuz honestly this has been going on for way too long, and I can see that it’s starting to really be too much for my dad to handle. So I don’t know what to do, what to think, I guess I just need some advice on what to do next. Oh by the way my parents have both agreed to getting a divorce, when I talked to them, it’s just now a matter of if they’re actually going to do it or not.
My life is full of hatred, IM worthless to the society.I'm a 14 years old Fujianese  kid who lived in US for 6 years  and I am struggling with depression, anxiety. I got bullied and discriminated everyday in school (3th grade to 9thgrade(currently) mainly because of my finger deformities on my middle finger(right hand) and my Kyphosis, I got segregated by my classmates and teacher for every school years, my teachers only care about smart kids and kids who born in high social class. Unfortunately I born in very poor family and I was born to be a retarded moron, I got a very bad, cruel, typical Chinese mom, she doesn't care if I really have mental health issues, she always said" Why don't you tell me before" when I told her I got bullied, discriminated and even getting beat up in school and She always said cruel things to me when I'm depressed. Now I no longer talk to anyone in high school, I cut classes everyday, my grades at this Freshman year dropped a lots, from average of 90(MP1) to 70(estimated for MP5) because of depression and anxiety. I hate everyone who bullied me, discriminate me, abused me. I wish I can revenge to everyone but I know I never could. I never have normal childhood like others, I'm so ugly, I'm so stupid, I'm so retarded, I don't have any talents at all, I'm fat and ugly, My parents are just fucking piece of shits( I actually have 2 older brothers and a father but they don't care about me), I lived like a orphan, my hatred towards everything is growing everyday, I just gonna wait for die and free myself.
She was.  Gone!  Not in the sense that she was not physically present, but she was increasingly never ‘there’.  He could see it in her eyes.  Those eyes that once burned and flickered and flashed with fondness, mischief and love grew dull when they saw him.  He could see the change and shift of expression in fleeting glances whilst in the company of others and his world grew significantly dimmer.  He did not know who her light now shone for - but it was him no longer and he hated the man who was now the receiver of that light.  The voice that once sang to his soul and raised him to the rooftops grew alien; pitched in regret, distant and cold.  She didn’t sing anymore.  Not to him.  Was she singing to another?  He hated all men with ears that might hear what was once his song.  Her smile; intoxicating, welcoming and vivid eventually grew forced and habitual.  Who was now seeing her naked beauty expressed when she smiled?  His hatred grew to extend, until he hated all of the men of the world with eyes, less they be gazed upon by her and experience even a slight occurrence of the elation she ignited in his core whilst he had been her target.  Like a small plant on the forest floor, surrounded by her bright light but receiving little directly, desperate to be in the warmth again, he wilts.  Even the most beautiful of gardens need weeded to ensure growth.  He could feel the change between them but never seen the cause.  He could smell the rain but never felt the raindrops and it killed him inside to realise his Eden had become flooded in grief.  She was gone.  Perhaps forever.  But Oh!  How he loved her!
I am lost.I don't know if I'm in the right place, but I guess this is better than not saying it at all. Over the past couple months I've become more and more unsure of why I'm here and what I'm doing. My life had been somewhat of a train wreck for about a year now but I felt like I had a good hold on things. But then things took a turn. Things at my job started getting rough and it caused problems between me and my girlfriend at the time. We worked things out and she respected my choice to keep working at the shop (she felt I deserved better pay and to be treated better). Then I got thrown a big curve ball with my college. I had attended on year of college but I never got the chance to apply again, so I transferred school and changed my major to my passion. I probably wouldn't have if my girlfriend wasn't there to encourage me that I could and should do it. I started school and then I got pulled from classes due to someone making a mistake. I had to retake my class. I wasn't informed I couldn't reuse my assignments and failed the class. I kept on trucking though because I had my Gf to encourage me. While this whole school thing was going on, a new roommate moved into the house I was living at. He came out within the first ten minutes of meeting him that he was a former heroin addict and he does xanex on the daily. I didn't think much of it until it started to cause even more stress on my relationship. She didn't like coming around my place because  of him, but the only time we could be together was at my place because my GM scheduled me for weekends only. So of course, with the stress we had between us and her own personal stress she couldn't take the relationship and broke up with me. And since then I've been a mess. I've been trying my best to keep trucking and move on with life. But everything just seems to be getting worse. My GM at work seems to have a personal vendetta against me and he's working on getting me fired. I can't defend myself to the owners because they apparently believe the things he says about me. I couldn't be in my house without being upset because I felt trapped after the ex junkie relapsed and turned the place into a mess. And my school is starting to get messy again. And even tho the last time me and my ex talked was in Dec, I can't stop thinking about her and all that. I know I'm just trying to use her as an emotional crutch. But it makes things worse when I still have some of her stuff and I have no idea if she's coming back or not. And we did talk about us being a thing again. But now Idk if it will be. And I'm just a mess. I've dealt with depression and suicidal thoughts in the past. And the thought of just giving up crosses my mind. One of the biggest reasons why I'm still here is because of my ex. Before she stopped talking to me she made me promise her I wouldn't do anything. And I intend to keep that promise. But then I think about how I'm keeping myself here for someone who might not ever show their face in my life again. And I'm just....... lost. I feel alone and isolated and I don't have anyone to talk to often. I don't feel like I'm worth what people say I am. I don't feel like I deserve what people say I do. And I don't feel like people want me here like they say they do. I don't feel like I should be here anymore.
I feel trapped. And taken advantage of, disrespected, depressed, anxious, and angry. Very, very angry. Every morning when I get up to go to work and have to look at him snoring in bed, I get mad. It's so great to start every day seething with anger! He has the nerve to nag our daughter about how she needs to get a job, but he can't even pick up a part time job to pay for his beer and cigarettes (oh yeah, he started smoking again after 20 years of not!). So I'm done, frankly things weren't that great when he was working. I was planning to hang in until the kids were out of high school, but my physical and mental health is deteriorating,   and I feel like I need to protect my future and that of my kids. But I'm afraid I'll file for divorce, and he just won't leave. I don't want to spend all my money on a lawyer and get hosed. How will they divide up our remaining savings? Our daughter turns 18 this summer, will he still have to support her? I know shared custody is all the rage these days, but the kids definitely don't want to live with him, he mainly either ignores them or criticizes them. Last Friday night our 14 year old son wanted to play a game with me and his sister, dad heard and decided he wanted to play, but our son said he didn't want to play with him because he always ends up making it no fun. So his father decided to prove the point by yelling, throwing the game, and kicking the trash can until he broke it. He's never hit me, but he has "temper tantrums" and breaks things, and he likes to lunge at us with his fist raised to make us flinch. He's a big guy. I don't know what he's going to do when I tell him I want a divorce. I have no family in the area, plus I know there are legal implications if the kids and I leave the house. I guess I need to talk to a lawyer, but if anyone has read this rant and has any advice, I'd be grateful!
I've never learned anything from my mistakes,therefore,i always fuck up.I don't know how am i supposed to move on with my psychology.I'm just a 19 year old male with serious(at least in my opinion) psychologic problems.My hair is rapidly fading away,i have so many bald spots(my whole family tree has no bald genes) for my age and the reason for that is stress.I often mess up-stumble while trying to speak whatever in my mind.I can't stand reading books although it's the easiest thing in the world.I often ruminate about stupid things(imagining involuntarily a lot made me a liar and -involuntarily again- always fell in love with the females on the street and imagine a momentary love moment with them).I always think(and be curious for no reason) about how people are achieving their goals or successfully do things right for the most of their time(etc. speaking fluently,holding on their goals,and my favorite;understanding the passage or book or whatever is written down in a single scan) .I can't stand my responsiblities and that's another minus(etc. playing games or doing anything but studying while i must to).But the biggest problem is,i have a really weak will.I revised my life and after that,i realized that I have never achieved a single important thing in my whole life.The funny thing is,i want to live somewhere near Stockholm and it's very clear that i'll never be able to achieve this dream.I need help and please,write something.I can't stand this body,this mind anymore.
But here is what I really want people to know.  After we found out and settled some, I made an announcement about it on-line.  I was blown away by the response that followed.  Countless people, probably 100 or more in just a day or two, poured in with messages and comments.  Some were your run-of-the-mill sympathy.  A sort of, "Oh hey, I knew that guy in school.  He was pretty cool.  That's sad."  But some, most actually, were truly devestated.  So many people wrote to Him or me, pouring their hearts out.  SO MANY PEOPLE LOVED HIM.  He had no idea the affect his death would have on others.  Friends and family, some who I knew, some who I didn't, completely heartbroken over finding out.  A number of people wrote to tell me how He had been the person who got them through their own tough times.  He had saved so many of his friends and had offered an ear or a voice to them.  I don't think he ever knew how much people cared about him.  People from all aspects and ages of his life.  He thought he was alone, and nothing could have been further from the truth.  I have never in my life seen such a reaction to someone's death.  It's been a year now, and his acct is still active with thoughts of love and remorse.  Not a week goes by that someone hasn't written to him, just to say they are thinking of him or how there is still a light missing from their lives.  So many messages of people saying, "I wish I would have returned your call,"  or "I wish I had known how to help you better."  He had so many people to turn to for help, had he just tried.
My mom is drunk and its causing me to not have friends over.So this week, I wanted a friend over. So my friend, who btw has never been to my house, her mom said maybe (this was the farthest, she usually says no) and I was excited. My mom, ruining my life like usual, drinks and gets drunk. I tell my friend what's happening and she says it's ok. I'm angry and my mom is just angry someone threw away her beer. Wasn't me this time. My dad says I made the right choice. But, my mom decides that I AM the one lost it. No, I'm not taking her sh** anymore and I stay in my room. She's yelling, dad and her are fighting. SHE ACTS LIKE THE VICTIM. My dad's exact words: "our kids are basically prisoners in this house because of you. They can't have friends over!" We've taken her to AA meetings every Thursday, she basically thought they were a waste of time. So she stopped going. I honestly loathe her deep inside and have been keeping these feelings bottled up for so long. I'm about to explode at her. Yell everything I've wanted to say to her at once. Things like, "stupid alcoholic", "I can never have friends over because of you", and "you've ruined my life and everything". I've told my friends, and once I wanted to host a Christmas party for us, 2 of my friends said no, because of HER. They were worried something might happen. And that hurt me. I was gonna have my other friend over for the first time and my dad calls and says "your mom's drinking, she can't come over." I started crying and told her. She was very understanding, and she invited me over to her house the next day. She is one of my greatest friends who I can talk to. So not all was lost. But, my Guinea pig, is now gone. He died suddenly from what we think is old age, so I can't talk to him anymore about my problems. Sometimes I feel like life just wants me to live in this bubble of pent up emotions and sadness forever. My mom just left I'm pretty sure, so I guess she's gone.
This a good sub for children of stb divorced parents?Not sure if this is the correct sub for a person in my situation. I had a big conversation with my mom recently, turns out she wants a divorce because my dad is unfaithful, this isn’t the first time and it’s been a very rough marriage between them overall. I can’t believe she actually stuck with it for this long, they are 30 years together. I’m kinda just really confused about it, so many big changes are coming my way and I’m not really ready for them, I’m an adult now but I’m not well adjusted and having a pretty hard time just living these days. I really wasn’t prepared for any of this, I’m kinda just stunned about it all and I don’t really know how to react or prepare for anything this eventual divorce will entail. My mom wants to go to Reno to live with her parents, and take me with her. They’ll probably sell the house and my dad will stay somewhere in Miami. I think probably there isn’t anyway around their divorce, and it will likely benefit them both to finally separate. I’m kinda just worried about myself right now, again I’m not really prepared for this and not in a great mental state for such a big change. I was hoping I would soon be able to get on with my life and become an independent adult living somewhere in Florida, but now that is all changed. Please let me know if this is the right place for me to vent and worry or not.
I still feel like a loserBack in November I made a post here. My debts are getting paid, although those are in small payments. I'm learning to drive, studying. I have a plan by the end of the year to move, but the reason I'm posting is because I'm self-conscious. All those things don't matter if I can't find a good job where I can settle down. I at least want an office job and the only thing I have is a degree from a community college. Anybody can graduate from community colleges. I can't afford to go to a university and the five minutes I went to the cheapest one I hyperventilated because everyone there was better than me. The worst part is that I only went there to be back where I came from. I've regretted it ever since. I feel like I've missed out on something everybody should go through. I'm turning 25 in two months. I feel like I'm wasting my time and everybody elses'. There's only a certain point you age before you realize how much of a waste you are.
help pleasei havent been diagnosed, im not completely sure if i am depressed or not but i know for a fact that i am not okay. ive heard from a few people (my mother included) that they have all been thinking that im not okay, and that they suggest that i should do something. im a guy and ive just turned 20. i should be in college but i cant seem to find any reason to go potentially waste my time. i should get a job but i just have no motivation or drive in me to go out and apply. that doesnt mean i havent tried in the past though. i dont really care about anything or anyone other than family and about 3 friends i have. i am well aware that i should be doing something with myself but i just cant find it in me to try anymore. i simply do not care. theres times where i randomly break down and begin to ugly cry, while asking myself “whats wrong with me” because i truly dont know. it seems like i actually care about myself during these little breakdowns, since i actually wonder what is going on. once its over with its back to the cold stares i give my wall and sitting emotionless for numerous hours at once.  i plan on seeing a professional who can help me get some understanding on what it can possibly be, but i do have a weird feeling about a professional because im not so sure that they can totally help. idk how someone just giving me pills and/or feeding me false advice is going to make me get over this. i came here because i dont have it in me to talk about how i feel with someone else because i know: a) they do not care b) they dont/wont take me seriously c) ill be a burden. i try and think about my future and all the good things i have but it does not help, it almost makes me feel worse. i hate the horrible feelings i carry inside my stomach and heart every hour of every day of every week. i fucking hate it so much. i just want it to end so i dont have to deal with it but i cant seem to find any solution other than just leaving. forgive me if there is a lot of grammatical errors, i dont care.
December the 6th came up and I got a call from my aunty. She told me that my cousin had hung herself and she was in life support. We weren’t the closest but she was always there for me as a child. She was my go to person to hang out with and talk to. We only lost contact because she moved to Australia to like with her mother. When my aunty called we were broke at the time. We couldn’t even fly out to visit her in hospital. I just had a bad feeling, I wanted her to wake up. Days past and nothing was working. They suggested taking her off life support and letting her be. Her mother agreed that it would be best to let her go, so they did it. They pulled the plug and I couldn’t be there for her. They pulled the plug on the 12th of December 2018. I couldn’t even attend her funeral and that’s what hurts me the most. I couldn’t say my goodbyes. The goodbyes I never though i’d have to say this early on in her life. She was 12. 12 years old and already gone to suicide. I miss her like crazy. The only person that was by my side was Leka and my parents (at times)
I've earned myself eternity in hellMy friends hate me, my only sister hates me even more, they're all with me because they pity me or they have no choice. My only love, my dog is getting old so he'll leave me too. And he doesn't even love me the most or maybe not at all... I'm only hurting him even if I'm trying to protect him. Same with my granny who I'm not able to see often enough, I left her and she no longer loves me. I don't think she ever thinks about me anymore and we used to be so close. I'm responsible for my fish and lots of them died during the years despite my efforts to take good care of them. I was too lazy and dumb to care for them... I ignored a cat lying on the road (probably dead but I can't be sure since I didn't stop) while I was driving (technically my mom was driving, but you get the point). I buried a jellyfish in the sand because it scared me when I was 4 and I was too shy to come back and save it. I killed a wasp trying to get it out of the candy box when I was 13. A little mouse and sparrow that my cat mangled died while in my care. I can't save anyone no matter how hard I try, it's like God hates me or I'm some sort of curse or bad omen. Wherever I go I bring death and sorrow only, my teachers, family and friends despise me and I just want to cease myself from existance. I'm pretty sure I'll go to hell, I don't want to be evil but whatever I do it always ends up terribly, terribly wrong. I just can't live with myself, I'd give everything to go back in time and kill myself before I've caused all that and now it's too late to prevent all the suffering. How can I live with myself?
I’m a failure and everyone around me knows itI can’t seem to do absolutely anything right. I can’t even put a god damn fake smile on sometimes. I have almost zero friends and I speak to one person everyday (which, don’t get me wrong, I absolutely love because I love him with my entire heart, but it’s hard because he is basically my coping mechanism sometimes and when he’s gone I just get really depressed because I don’t know how to escape my thoughts). On top of my self-proclaimed depression (never been diagnosed, even though I’ve been struggling with stuff like this for about two years, maybe three) I have also possibly got an eating disorder, that I absolutely cannot deal with correctly. I acknowledge it, but my subconscious self just sees it as a way smaller problem than the ideology of being skinnier. I would *never* wish this upon anybody, but I thoroughly believe that I deserve to be punished, especially after eating, since that’s when I feel like the biggest failure. I don’t know how I can be possibly helped with the ED problem if I don’t end up in a hospital. And sometimes I wish I would. I wish I would punish myself so much to the degree where I would be admitted to a hospital, no matter how scared I am of them. And it’s simply because then I don’t really have a choice but to improve for other people. I have told only one person that knows me about this, and he is the closest person to me ever. And yet I can’t tell him about all the plans I’ve been making. About all the stuff I have been looking up and about all the times I have looked myself in the mirror and wanted to cut myself. I can’t tell him that. Even though I am trying for him, I don’t think I can do it any longer. It’s such a slow way of killing yourself, but it seems so good. It seems like it would make me happy for a while. Being skinnier. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not currently unhealthy when it comes to weight, I just despise the way I look. I have a weight goal and I really hope I stop at it. I want to cut myself again really badly, but I told him I wouldn’t. I threw away the razor blade. I also told him I wouldn’t do the eating thing anymore, but I don’t know how to stop it. The voice just seems to not get out of my head ever and it’s like it’s taking over. It’s like it’s trying to prove me that it’s stronger than me. It has been maybe two years now. It’s so hard to keep doing this. I keep hurting so many people and I think that even the two people I speak to (one only texting) hate me. Why wouldn’t they? I don’t have good qualities. I portray myself as the person I want to be, not the person I am, not the annoying, needy, constantly depressing self I truly am. Not the person that constantly annoys everyone around them, not the one that makes everyone around them depressed because of how they act and talk. Not the burden I am to everyone. Not the stupid girl that cannot do absolutely anything correctly. Not the less loved child. Not the absolute degrading degenerate human being. But I should. Because I am all that. And thats why I don’t think I deserve to have anything good. I’m not a good person. I want to be one but I can’t do a single thing right. I’m sorry if anyone I love sees this one day. I’m sorry I’m the way I am.
Die or not?I want to die but i'm low key scared of what will happen. I don't want to put people in trouble. Low key, I just want to live somewhere far from everyone and be at peace. IRL, all I do is keep getting negativity. For real, all that keeps me up rn is this one girl in half of my classes but in the end ik that it will never work. TO BE HONEST, I HATE BEING TALL BECAUSE OF IT, ALL I GET IS JUST TO GET TAKEN AS A  BODY GUARD OR TO GET  TREATED AS IF I'M A INSENSITIVE PIECE OF SHIT. To be honest, all I want is just affection but ik  that no one would like me arround. I've wrote multiple notes and talked about it to multiple people but in the end all I get is the same answer. Idk, in the end we all live the same life and we don't do much for our society. I'm thinking of doing it, all I got on my mind is suicide or self harm, I sometimes wake up at night crying bcoz that's the only thing that appears and I can't no more. I'm sorry for not being clear and random (I mostly speak french).
Part of me craves a life of adventure. I want to see and explore all of my options before I settle down and work and have a family and a routine rest of my life. I know I love my boyfriend, he's everything I could ever want and need. He's my best friend, lover, role model, and even a parent when he needs to be. I wouldn't trade him for the world, but a part of me is just dying to know what I could be missing. What if I find someone else in college? Even the thought of possibly meeting someone else makes me feel sick to my stomach. But the other part of me wants to stick around, and keep working at my part time job, and move in together early. Then we could both be commuters, save a lot of money, and see each other all the time. Distance scares me, but also excites me, and I think that's what really scares me. Then I thought what if when my boyfriend graduates he could come move the hour and a half to where I go to school and find a job? Is that outrageous?
Suddenly dawns on meI’m 32 (F) my ex husband is 31. We were only married for 5 years and only together for 9 years before he asked for a divorce this January.  Apparently he was never in love with me and we never had any chemistry or passion in our marriage but he has felt this with other people including his current lover (for lack of a better word). I was devastated but a friend (who happens to be a therapist) asked me if I really wanted to be with someone who was unhappy and I realized the answer was “no.” So I stopped begging him to go to couples counseling and trying to be more intimate and started working on the divorce paperwork and going to individual counseling to work on myself. We filed for an uncontested divorce two weeks ago and I moved out a couple days later. I am trying so hard to work on myself and unpack all of my stuff after the move as well as dealing with a new stressful (in a good way) job that I just started last month. With everything going on I rarely have any quiet moments so it’s really jarring when all of a sudden it dawns on me that I’m not on a work trip or something and going back to my ex afterwards, this is real, this is happening. It’s weird that I know and accept that this is my new reality and yet still this “dawning” happens to me every couple of days. It feels like some kind of coping mechanism that my subconscious has devised to protect me. Anyone know what I’m talking about?
It fucking floored me and it continues to floor me day after day. It reminds me that, through all my struggles, challenges, hardships, bad days, good days, triumphs, heart breaks, sadness, everything, there are people in this world who exist and have no idea of my baggage. People that can't even begin to understand. People you talk to everyday and they always expect something of you. They expect you to be perfect or cheerful or positive or what have you, yet fail to realise that it might just be a miracle that I continue at all. People that expect you to go to college and get a degree and make money and stop being so shy and be more assertive and try harder.. I'VE TRIED ENOUGH. I've tried for so long and so hard. I've been stuck in a race- one lap behind the rest of the competition, and I've jogged my ass off to catch up to the rest. But even though my legs are stiff and my lungs are on fire, I don't get a medal or any kind of recognition for getting last place. I get a pat on the back and a, "Good luck next time pal." I wish I could feel comfortable in my life. I wish my shoes would fit; I'm so tired of trying to grow into them.
So like I was saying control sorry I mean love, must work on that one. Back in 2014 when all about the bass was playing on every radio station I was escaping to the cinema watching guardians of the galaxy and re watching fury in the cinema for the second time a dirty gritty move of one tank and its commander brad pit facing down an entire anti-tank unit set to destroy his tank and his crew who knew that film would ring so many truths in later years for me with less nazi overtones but replace the uniforms with hair dye and high heels and you get the picture. So yeah brad pit he’s so dreamy right… I escaped a life where I would have just looked after my sick father with zero credit and nothing but heartache and a stiff headache. So off to Brussels each week skipping off work, after a long 9 hours train ride I was in the arms of  said hair dyed high heel wearing nazi (wait can I say nazi, If you think I can you should google them and find out who I’m talking about) I thought I was free safe and loved oh that’s nice when we are apart all week I get messages all day how are you, what are you up to, good morning and I control you oh and this is a photo of me at my desk working. Wait how can you talk to me all day when you’re at work? Turns out you can’t and you lose the desk your sitting at and the job you worked so hard to get and made everyone so proud of. We solved the 9 hours train ride by moving in together that makes sense, right no more texting all day everyday but face to face lip to lip controller to lover, we moved together as one (I know corny as shit but shut up this is my story and I will tell it how I want to I will get to the murder later)
I can see the tired in everyone's faces.I've been told I've been depressed for a while now. I used to think I just felt '*a lot*', because the idea of sick wasn't really an option. Not when there is infinitely more bad going on every single day. And every single day your push, pushing to get to the finish line, the end of the night just to start all over again. Well I'm older now, and I've had my fill of these kinds of days and now I'm stuttering through the fatigue of this illness  much more personally than I'd ever admit. I can't tell anymore, if the looks of disdain on my friends and family's faces is the only reaction I warrant or mirror what I see in me. I try not to hear the whispers of what I can't do right, or what can't be brought up around me because my reactions aren't correct. I'm a paper jammed in the printer kind of torn up on a good day and bad days are sprinkled with anger and tears.  I don't know what I'm expected to get from a life chalk full of these days. Right now it just emotional fodder for the canons I'll turn on myself later. When it's quiet. When I stop moving, long enough to peel back the fake happy and have complete thoughts. When I  have no one to act for and feel my face crumple, the last strings of self preservation snapping as my car door shuts. It's safe to sit there and cry. Because everywhere else I see tired faces and I can't cope when  I'm seconds away from loosing my shit.
The fuck did I doI tried to kill myself yesterday but failed thanks to a bad knot. I told my dad about it and he flew 3000 kms to take me back home the next morning. It was the first time I saw him cry. He was wailing like a baby, I felt so horrible in that moment. I was alive with god’s grace, I can’t imagine what he would’ve done if I actually died. I’m feeling so sad even though I dropped out of the uni that led to me being suicidal in the first place. It was a really disturbing sight to see him cry, he’s the rock of our family, he’s been through shit that I could’ve never even given a shot at going through. I’m sorry dad, please understand my predicament, I was in pain, I felt like I was drowning all the time. I was overrun by emotions and saw suicide as the only way out. But you came to my uni and saved me today, thanks you dad. I love you and mama more than anything. I’m sorry to be your sadness, I hope you get well soon.
Need Advice: Using a mediator vs getting our own lawyers? (NJ/house/no kids)I discovered my wife's affair a few months ago, and after months of trying, we both want a divorce. We've been married for 6 years. When we first got married, I was in grad school while her career took off right out of the gate, so she has a lot more saved in her 401k while I have not so much. I am currently making about $75k while she makes $130k a year. She's stubborn as shit, so I'm afraid she won't agree to anything if we retain a mediator and will expect me to roll over. I've heard horror stories about lawyers raking up fees on their vulnerable clients and I was hoping to avoid the stress, but I'm wondering if it's not even worth it. A lawyer quoted me at $4k for a retainer to represent me and said the total charge should be close to that which I thought was reasonable. I'm assuming a mediator will be about the same. Without kids my divorce should be pretty simple. I'm just looking for some advice either way.
I am shaking right now as it's finally done. Everything this past year has led to this. Starting with the revelation on New Year's Day 2018 that my STBX had an affair and had decided to pursue a relationship with the AP. Fast forward after almost a year living together while separated and I now have my own place and am sharing custody of our son with my STBX. Funnily, as this was all on my mind, I had a dream last night that we were driving together for some reason and she asked me what my dating situation was as she was thinking of dumping the AP. The dream ended, and I don't buy into the whole dreams being manifestations of the future. However, I have my reasons to believe that all is not happy with her and the AP. She moved him in on the day that I moved out, and has been playing house ever since. On New Year's she sent me a massive text saying how much she is sorry for the pain she put me through, that she cherishes our time we had together, and wished she had given more of an effort to make our relationship work. Too little too late, frankly, and I'm honestly going to be much happier when it is all said and done.
Always something there to remind me. How do I stop thinking of my ex daily?Three years separated, 18 months divorced, no kids, I didn’t want the divorce. I wanted counseling but my ex either didn’t believe in it or was afraid to confront his own behavior. I still love him. I still think of him multiple times a day. I moved to a different city but same general area. He pops in my head when I’m brushing my hair or getting dressed.  A hat someone is wearing reminds me of him. Can’t watch shows we used to watch together because I’m reminded. Music at the grocery store reminds me. Short of a lobotomy to cut this piece of life out of my head, how can I stop seeing him everywhere I go?  I have no family and few friends so not a lot of support to help me focus on other things. I spend a lot of time alone and I used to enjoy my alone time. Now I spend my alone time with a ghost of someone that used to love me.  How do I get over the divorce if I can’t stop thinking about my ex for more than 4 hours at a time?  Any suggestions appreciated.  Ty
Need divorce advice for TexasI need to know what others have done in the past when going through a divorce where the woman was a stay at home mom for several years without employment. I'm trying to figure out what the living situation should be because I don't want to be stuck in the same house with her if all we are going to do is argue in front of our kids. Her mother lives less than an hour away and I feel that if we got a divorce and I kicked her out she wouldn't have anywhere to go other than her mother's house since she has no recent job history or a way to support herself. We currently own a house that I have made all of the payments on. If I were to just "give" her the house and find another place for myself, she couldn't make the house payments. This is why I feel she should be the one to leave. The tricky part is finding a Happy medium for our kids since they have rooms in our current house. She also has no retirement from prior jobs built up so I feel she will just take all of my hard earned retirement, disability, and current job income which is unfair since she decided against my wishes to stay home and not work or go to school on a consistent basis to allow her to get a job and help me pay for our expenses. I feel she wanted a second child not just because she wanted one, but also to pad herself with an excuse for why she is unable to work so she can stay home until the kids are well through elementary or middle school. It's no doubt that she is a good mother, but she has no interest in also helping us survive financially. Even if we didn't divorce, by the time I retired, I would have to take a retirement check built for 1 person and have 2 people live on it. I don't believe she ever has a plan to work unless forced through divorce. I also feel like I have close to no paternal rights to make decisions on anything regarding our kids because everything has to go her way or no way, which includes family visits and simple things like reasonable food choices. If I vear away from her stone clad ideas I will pay the penalty through an argument or fight which I don't want.
I went to school right when I turned 7. I liked it. I made some friends, one of which was named Adam. He was my best friend for the next few years. Kindergarten was kind of a blur. After which we switched schools. And guess what. So did Adam. We were pals again. We went to this tiny school (I believe it was Catholic) I was the oldest one there aside from my brothers who were in 4th, and 5th. It was all one room. I also have some fun memories of that place. Halfway through the year, Adam moved to a different school for reasons I don't know. But a couple days later, we were going to leave as well. I never was able to figure out why, besides the fact that the pastor had done something. I can't help thinking that they were connected. So we went to this bigger school (still Catholic) and guess what. Adam was there again! But, he seemed different. He was hanging out with this other kid named Nick. Nick the dick. He always chose him over me and I hated it. I felt horrible. But then summer came. I was 8.
I am tired of being miserableInstead of coming up with New Year's Resolutions, I focused on finding a word to guide me through 2019, and that word is discipline. No, it's not a comfy, cozy, nurturing word that offers self care. It's m-fing discipline. That's what I need this year. Discipline to stop thinking about my ex husband, who walked out to be with another woman. Discipline to find a good job, and to kick ass at that job and make myself indispensable. Discipline to lose 15 lbs, eat better food, and exercise. Discipline to stick to a strict budget and get my finances in good order. Discipline to stop feeling sorry for myself and being weepy about the life I thought I was going to have, but instead to find a new vision of what I want in life, and to make plans and put in the work to get there. No one is going to come save me, or fix me- this is all on me and I need to strap my boots on and hit the ground running. It's going to take discipline. Please root for me, friends. May we all find better things ahead in 2019.
Life is too much effort and too expensive, and the worst part is I’m not even enjoying itLife is way too much effort and too expensive. I'm tired of having to do all this shit just to maintain a half-decent life. I'm tired of having to feed myself to stave off hunger, eating right so I don't let myself get fat, exercising to try to maintain my health and make sure my body doesn't break down even though if I'm still alive by age 50 chances are I'll probably get cancer anyways. I'm tired of working an 8-6 meaningless corporate job just to pay a bunch of bills and rent that takes up 40% of my monthly paycheck even before factoring bills for a 300 sq ft apartment in a boring city whose only upside is the proximity to NYC (which honestly isn't even THAT close, still). There is no end point in sight. I've lost every passion I've had in life. I don't want to work; I can't see anything that I would enjoy doing for at least 50 hrs of the week for the rest of my life at this point, but I have no other choice if I don't want to become homeless and starve.
Trying To Let Go But Still Feeling A Tiny Bit Of Hope (Even As I Know I Shouldn't)I'm almost 3 months in since the STBXW announced that she wanted a divorce.  And I've gained strength, clarity and a sense of mission (toward being a better man and human, for myself).  We are amicable as co parents and our kids seem to be doing pretty well.  I will be the first to admit that it's very challenging being a solo parent, and there are some moments where I want to scream, but I have not.  I am doing it.  Well.  And I think the kids will be better for it.  I'm also trying to be the best man I can be IN THE DIVORCE because that will shape how my kids view how a man treats a woman, and that is crucial.  My own father, who was very strong professionally and socially (and physically--he never backed down from a fight) was, with my mother, a pacifier and one who avoided confrontation.  That was my model.  I love my parents and harbor no anger or ill will.  But the model I viewed is what I took into relationships.  But it's not sustainable.
just need to get this off my chesthello everyone who reads this. I've been struggling with depression for a big part of my life, and i'm working really really hard on it. but it seems like around the month October I always fall into this big hole. In juli I broke off a three year relationship and was very happy about it. All of juli, august and september was awesome and fun but now i'm feeling very very lonely. The relationship I had was not so good for me, I used to be this crazy fun person with lots of friends but now I'm quiet and introvert. I only have a handful of good friends, which is nice, I really love these girls but they always want to 'chill' and I want/need some more excitement in my life (if that makes any sense??). during that 3 year relationship we didn't do anything, just smoke pot and watch movies, it was extremely boring.  I really try to find new people to hang out with - do some crazy things with but it seems like i can't connect with a lot of people. Or I'm just so damn insecure which makes me worry about everything I do... I always overthink everything. anyway, I have exams now, so I don't see a lot people and I feel so lonely (and again insecure). I met up with a friend today, and i really enjoyed it up until i was home and all those horrible emotions/thoughts come back. I really don't want to fall back into my depression, but I feel like it's going to come anyway, how hard I try to make it better.....
Over the next month or two from that night it did not matter what he did. He was wrong just for breathing most days. He would get so upset with how I was treating him and I would just wait and egg him on into losing it because i knew it would happen eventually. After most of the fights we had he would apologize for whatever I told him he did wrong if there even was something, but I never did. I would usually find a way to make him feel even worse. I knew that I was right because he was wrong and that was all that mattered to me. I even pretended that I didnt care when he found out about my relationship with the guy from work. It really destroyed me inside to see him holding back tears, but I wasnt going to let him see that. He was at his weakest and that was when I chose to tell him that I wanted a divorce. I could almost hear his heart shattering inside his chest. He talked and fought and said that we could work through it together. I really wasnt interested in fixing our marriage, but i mostly ended things with the other guy but only because i knew i could get it back if I wanted it.
happy new years, 2019 is ass. i’ve just been chilling, playing fortnite, getting good grades, and getting high. on top of it all, i’m not happy. i just wanna cry, but i can’t. i’ve tried. it’s been years since i’ve cried. i’m not sure if i’ve just gotten used to holding it all in and not crying but it’s impossible at this point. my friend has told me to just let it all out and don’t hold back and i’ve tried. the farthest i’ve gotten is shedding a single tear, but that was after 3 yawns. I’ve started talking to this girl. she’s amazing. she’s 2 years younger than me. she lives 3 hours away. why can nothing ever go my way. why does everyone want me off this earth. i thought getting good grades would help. i have all A’s, one B- but AP Computer Science is hard ok. whatever, i guess i’m just at the point where i don’t know what i can do to save myself. i wish i could cry. one of my best friends lost his virginity yesterday. i feel happy for him. he said it was better than he imagined. i think i’ve talked about sex a couple times here, i guess i’m pretty sexual. anyways i’m going to sleep because it’s 4 and i have school and it won’t make a difference in my life but fuck i don’t wanna be awake anymore. i’m tired of this shit. my heart hurts. i hurt. i can’t promise my existence any longer. i know i only post in my notes like once every couple months but i go throughout my day with no purpose and i forget. why do i apologize as if i’m talking to someone. this is literally just my notes. what is wrong with me. goodbye for now, or forever.
The Depressed soul is one that is never allowed to get rest; even in rest you’re worried and racing away or towards something. The relaxation sleep affords is not given to one as me, instead sleep becomes agonizing hell and as soon as you awake it feels new for a fleeting moment sparser than Planck time you feel whole and calm and then the pins and needles set it and you’re back in its clutches. Then you roll over to your spouse and they ask “how are you?”,  they’re e lovely and all they’re trying to do is help but your body feels impending danger , this roll over wasn’t a simple maneuver in a bed you feel as though you rolled into a lion’s den and the lioness bares fangs in front of its cubs. We humans try our best to show how we aren’t as simple as other animals, governed by emotions and environment but we are. In that situation with your loved one the cues are all there you are under attack “how are you” might as well have been “fuck you” the feelings are all the same and you lash out. But, how else were you supposed to attack under those conditions I must look out for my body after all or else how would it look out for me? Yes that’s the perfect excuse to use as I shuffle back into my hole of frustration.
Something Profound from my daughterSo today while I was feeding the baby, I put my coffee down on the carpet and spilled it.  The coffee got very close to my router and a power strip. I asked my eldest to watch the baby.  I was irritated at my daughter for taking her time, so I got a little snappy with her. While cleaning up my mess, I apologized to her.  I told her that I was irritated with myself for spilling the coffee. I also explained that it is ok to make a mistake, but you should always try to learn from it. For example, I learned that putting my coffee so close to the router (and on the carpet) is not a good idea, so I placed my coffee on the table instead.  I also explained how important it is to clean up your mistakes, which is why I was frantically trying to clean up my coffee.  My daughter looked at me and said "Yes, mom. I understand. But not all mistakes leave a mess." The she walked into her room, leaving me standing there with my mouth wide open.  Her words really hit home. I thought that maybe her words would have some meaning for a few of you too, so I thought I should share.  I should also mention that she is 11.
I was semi-prepared for the vacation in July, but it wasn’t until after the trip that I realized the flight for my wife and I to Alaska was going to be about double what I was expecting. Needless to say, I was financially unprepared for the trip but already committed, tickets in hand. The trip itself was a dream, and I loved every minute of it. Near the end of my trip, I realized just how unprepared I was, when I woke up and had $45 in my bank account. I still needed to drive home after my flight(in order to save about $300, I drove 6 hours to the cheapest airport around me. Cost of gas was about $70 round trip, for a total savings of about $225... it was worth it to me). Due to this and the fact I still had some bills to pay, I headed over to /r/Borrow and took out a loan(which I have since paid back). That covered me until I got paid.... until yesterday when I realized I was yet again behind, causing me to take another loan out(less than before so I guess I am technically ahead?).
Super depressed, need advice, bf says my problem is being too kind... I’m so lost, am I not getting it?? Help explain this to me!I have been dealing with depression for many years now, and when I feel better and actually happy is when I’m helping others, doing good in the world and feeling like I made a difference even if it’s very tiny.  I feel like my essence is just being a kind person, a nice person who takes care of others, is a good friend and partner, etc.  I feel like things have been rough with my bf because he has is own issues he can’t manage to figure out how deal with, and so I feel like he just takes it out on me since I’m the closest one to him.  He said that the problem he has with me is that I’m too kind and that I do too much for people.  Keep in mind, what I do for others, doesn’t take time away from what I do for him and the time I spend with him.  So I’m not putting others in front of him, he’s my top priority.  Anyways, he says that I do too much and then when I don’t get any acknowledgement back, I get depressed.  I don’t think that’s true because I don’t do things to get things in return, I’m not a tit for tat type of girl and I don’t do it for the praise or anything like it.  It simply makes me feel good to help others.  But he complains because I feel like he doesn’t think about me or give me what I need and ask for in our relationship (like more compassion and kindness) and so instead of trying harder to be nicer to me and compassionate, he just says I expect too much and I need to stop doing things for other people.  I ask why that bothers him so much and he just says that no one can meet my expectations and give me what I give to them and says that it’s just too much.  He’s very vague and not very clear and I still don’t understand.  What am I missing??  Doesn’t the world need more kindness??
It's disgusting how society approves of treating suicidal people like criminalsI was admitted to a psych ward when I was 17 for self harm. I don’t need to justify why it was traumatizing and wrong. As far as i’m concerned it was an act of violence, a kidnapping. I will never forget how powerless I was. I will never forget the degrading way they treated me. I will never forget the feeling of knowing they had their way over me.  I will never forget the life I could have had that is now gone. I will never forget the person who died on that day. I would have to write too much to give the full story so I will just say it was after a fight with dad and my sister called the hospital baiting me by following me into the house and falsely accusing me of hurting her. She did it because she believed I would commit suicide in the future due to past self harm. Both my parents regret that day almost as much as I do. Funny how I have to bring that up so no one can pull the “you were mentally ill and did not know what was good for you”  get out of jail free card.
What just happened??So just found out a week ago wife(31f) wants to divorce me (34m) we have been together for 16 years married for 8 years we have a 7 yo. I purchased a house 3 years ago i have been the sole breadwinner until this yr she got a p/t job. Over the course of our relationship she has been unfaithful with two people. I havent ever cheated. She tells me she needs a chance to discover herself and experience different kinds of love with different people. While writing this shes at the bar and i am home with our son. Feeling broken inside. I know irs chiche but i still love her and she really is my only and best friend i have spent all my time since our kid was born with them both or at work and as a result dont have any close friendships. I dont have close family and until this post havent told anybody i dont have anyone to tell. I just dont know what to do i dont want to hurt my son and i dont want to lose everything i just dont know what to do. Please help
Nothing can fill the emptiness i feelMy social life sucks. I don't have any actual good friends because I'm awkward af. I suck at sports and because of my social anxiety, I don't participate in any of the activities that take place in school so the cycle continues. I suck at literally everything except academics. My grades are amazing even though I don't study too often (I mostly waste my time on reddit  or youtube)  but no one actually gives a shit about it. I got the best grades from my school on my last test but I didn't even feel happy. My parents do feel proud but they never tell me that I did a good job. I don't know it's just hard to explain. I've tried sharing my feelings with people but they laugh it out or they just make it about themselves. They say that they'd never be sad if they had my grades. I don't even have any hobbies now. So, I just waste my day. I feel empty. I just want everything to end. Nothing makes me feel good anymore. I'm addicted to masturbation (3-4 times a day) because it's the only thing that helps me divert my mind. But the void still remains. Every time I go to sleep i wish I'd not wake up. And, I cannot even sleep properly. It's so frustrating. I feel like something is wrong within my brain. I don't have any reasons to live. I want to scream so badly. FUCKKKKKKKKK
I don’t know if I’ll ever be okay, I’m completely stuck and it thinks it been taking its toll.Going to be a long post sorry, got no one I can reach out to because of my current situation. Using this account to get some form of human connection. I’m 19 now and for about 6 years I’ve been living in a very psychologically abusive house. My life up until I was about 13 was pretty normal nothing really exciting happened but I was living in a nice and supportive home. My parents marriage however started to go down the drain at this point. I kept on trying to help, I didn’t understand why it was happening and during screaming matches between the two of them I’d go between them trying to calm them down and make them happy again. It never worked it always ended with both of them screaming at me. After this first year they finally split up and my dad moved out. I was already feeling pretty depressed at this point but it started getting worse. I really thought after they were separated it would get better. My mum started heavily drinking. She’s a completely different person when she drinks. All her anger directed and my dad was now being targeted at me. She’d come into my room at night wake me up and call me a weasel, call me pathetic and say I was just like my dad. I just wanted it to be okay. She was meant to be on my side. We were meant to be in this together. It just got worse and worse and as it did I did. At about 15 I started hurting myself, usually burning myself not sure why but it kind of acted as a release. When had to sell the house because our dad screwed us in the divorce and we moved somewhere else. This only worsened everything, it became more and more abusive. The house only has a few rooms I can actually get in, most rooms are filled with rubbish and rotting food/mud. Not to mention the broken glass all over the floors. At this point I could barely get out of bed and my attendance at school was about 60%. I stopped talking to anyone because I could never give anyone a glimpse into the house. My last 2 years of school I didn’t really talk to anyone. I can’t tell anyone anything my mum keeps threatening to kill herself, if anyone finds out she’s going to do it. I don’t know what to do, I really don’t. I hate her but she’s my mum and I couldn’t let her die. I’m now out of school and I don’t leave the house. I can’t get out of bed and I am completely fucked in the head. I will never be okay. I hurt myself daily and my thoughts are getting darker and darker.
In the end it was actually a young woman walking by, the bridge is fairly well traveled just off a jogging path its high above a rocky ravine a swan dive would do the trick, she stopped and asked me if it was what it looked like. I said yeah, she didnt freak out or try to stop me. She asked why, she listened she sat up next to me. After I explained everything she said my thought process made sense she wasnt going to stop me if I wanted to. We talked for a long time felt like hours. I started to really look at her she was beautiful, on another level entirely. She had the cutest laugh somehow in those moments she made me forget everything. She got down and said she as heading home for hot coco, i told her to enjoy it. She looked at me confused and followed up by asking wasn't I coming as well? She caught me off guard. I didnt know what to do in that moment my body just seemed to work on its own. I got down, and we walked to her house. I had a cup of coco tasted like ash but the sentiment was there. I passed out sitting on her couch woke up a few hours later she had passed out head in my lap. It was wild i expected at any moment I was going to truly wake up and be back home alone and depressed but it never came. For the first time in awhile I smiled. She was just as beautiful while she slept with these tiny barely audible snores. It was a perfect moment I savoured.
She has no interest on working on things and says she hasn't loved me for two years, but having someone to help her through the end of med school was 'comfortable'. These last two months have been insufferable. We still sleep in the same bed. All I wanted to do was pull my life together and show her that I'm capable of stepping up and providing us with a great life but some nights I can't help but beg. She has only become more cold and spiteful with each day. She says I'm not a real man, I'm not funny, I'm terrible in bed, she is going to bring other men home and have sex in our apartment. I guess our sex life fell into a rut but she always finished before me and I made her laugh all the time. She doesn't tidy anything in the apartment and I have to run around like an abused housewife washing dishes and cleaning up after her but I can't afford to live anywhere else and I can't go back to my mum's house. It's like a monster has replaced my beautiful angel. She says she is so happy without me and now she's gone to her parents for 10 days. They are *my* family too at this point but I'm not allowed near the house. Her dad is my closest friend other than her and is in denial that she has done this, saying she is just stressed with her new job. I haven't spoken to her for 3 days but tried phoning this afternoon with no answer. Now I have to go and spend Christmas with a family I thought I'd escaped and have barely spoken to for years. Fuck that. I simply will not do this anymore. I cannot spend another day in this horrible fucking world.
My husband was always a bit rough around the edges, and I loved him even with that, but now I cannot say that I love who he is. He started a new job in 2016 and started hanging out with a new crowd, and this new persona came out (he is also a major Trump supporter and that has been a source of conflict - I don't know how anyone can support his views). He also brought a gun into our house without consulting with me and it is in his dresser, loaded - not locked up or anything! I just think he is a irresponsible person and I am afraid that the longer I stay in this relationship, something might happen. He says "I'm not going to hit you, you aren't worth going to jail over," but I don't want to stick around to find out. He also works a late shift, and I hardly ever see him except on weekends and in the morning before I go to work. I was so bored and lonely, I have joined some Meetup groups in the area and go out with my friends, and he accuses me of cheating on him and calls it "whoring" when I go out. I have also had some health issues since 2015 which have caused me to have extreme fatigue and both extreme weight gain and loss - he has responded to my health issues by calling me lazy and saying that I am milking my problems. Also, our biggest fight is about cleaning our house - I offer to help him clean, but he is obsessive-compulsive about doing it his way and yells when I don't "vacuum right." I have addressed this with him and offered to hire a cleaning lady, but he refuses, and would rather just scream at me about cleaning. The times that I have cleaned, he has cleaned again over what I have done because it wasn't good enough.
A quick overview on myself, I am a 34 year old and was diagnosed with depression at a very early age. I have been on medication non-stop for 22 years and will continue to be on it the rest of my life most likely. Even though I am on medication, and without it I would lose my mind, I have been on more medications and combinations of medications than I can count and am considered treatment resistant because I've never fully responded to any treatment. I am considered to have what is called double depression, which means I go from dysthymia to varying degrees in severity of major depression- which means I don't get breaks between episodes. I have numerous other symptoms that developed from long term depression, which means each and every day is a battle against both my mind *and* my body. I’m not sure there’s much I haven’t tried- years of talk therapy, sports and exercise, yoga, hypnotherapy, acupuncture, massage, diet change, travelling around the world, jumping out of planes… the list goes on. I have checked into programs at psychiatric hospitals, have been through rounds of ECT without change, and was part of a specialized TMS study that fully maps my brain in order to pinpoint a consistent spot within a few millimeters. During this study, I had consistent PET and MEG scans to note the effects (or lack of) during the trial to give the doctors an objective documentation, rather than just my subjective reporting of how I feel, of the effects on my brain. In trial reports, I am referred to as the non-responder. Depression is visible on my brain scans as easily as a broken arm is on an x-ray.
For those with a loved one that suffers of depression and anxiety: need advice on dealing with the emotional rollercoaster.Greetings everyone, I really need advice from those who have loved ones who suffer depression (or maybe also those who have it). I do not want to sound selfish, I apologize if it seems like it. I really need advice on how to support my friend who suffers depression and anxiety but also, help to be able to calmly deal with it. I love her to death and have been supportive, but the emotional rollercoaster and uncertainty of what is happening and if I can help her or not is taking its toll on me. When she disappears and stops replying to messages I am afraid she has hurt herself or when she changes mood and the next day replies happily as if nothing has happened... believe me, I understand it is not her fault, I understand that and can assimilate it in my mind, but that doesn’t mean that because I understand it I can’t feel it... you know what I mean? Any good advice on how to keep supportive and have my feelings and worries at ease?
Band auditions and school have been stressing me out so much to the point where I can’t sleep or eatSo I’m currently writing this at 2 am bc I just can’t sleep. I have a wind ensemble band audition this Friday as well as a leadership application and a painting I need to finish. On top of that, I have lots of homework being a junior in high school. I also need to find time to eat, exercise, socialize etc. I just keep stressing over this god damn audition and leadership application and I can’t stop trying to mentally make a schedule to try to fit everything in. I also keep criticizing myself for not trying harder. Yesterday I practiced from 1-4 and then did nothing for the rest of the night which makes me mad at myself bc I feel like I could have done more. I just needed to rant a bit and I’m also looking for advice. I just don’t know how I’m gonna finish everything in 5 days while going to school for 7 hours each day and then sleeping for 7 hours. That’s 14 hours gone each day
It's been a long hard relationship. We met in college of both of our senior year on a class project. TBH we had a one night stand that turned into love.  We moved in quick. Fall after graduation we just signed a new lease and her family wanted her siblings to move in with her and did not know I was living with her and she thought it'd be dangerous if they found out. So I took the opportunity to move back to my home state to get things set up for her to move with me. I spent multiple months looking for a job and living with my dad while she held down the finances, which were rent and her car. I did odd jobs to help. She came to visit me and I proposed in my favorite beach spot.  After 4 months her family wanted to totally move in and we decided for me to move back to original state but in a town 100miles away. I converted to her religion for her sake and asked her family to marry her, which they said yes. Anyways we were married and started to really build a life together when I got fired from a good job and couldn't find another one. I applied to my home town (our ultimate goal state). And got a better job than I've had yet. Well I get out there expecting my wife to follow a few months after but I ended up getting a assault charge on a dumb fight and lost the job the Friday before I was supposed to start. For the next 7 months of fighting the courts she helped hold down while I took up jobs like car washing. Finally after clearing up things in court I moved back again, this time with every intention of staying for quite a while. This time there's a bit of "distance." I got another good job and started working as much overtime and a second job as possible. I took on all the finances to give her some much needed relief and worked on paying people back. We started talking and felt like we grew apart. We filed for divorce which only took a few months as I just said she could have anything she wanted.
Just turned down my dream job offer in favour of time with my kidsThe dream job. The union job with guaranteed 40 hours plus OT every week with an employer sponsored health benefit plan with 100% coverage for the kids, matched RRSP and pension plan. The job that would have paid me nearly $10k gross per month. The job that you don't normally get an offer for during a recession like this. The job that I would have to work 10 hours a day at Mon-Sat and have to give up my overnights with my 3 kids because there are no child care options at 6am in the morning. The job I turned down after I took my 4 year old son to the park to push in the swing after a trial week of overnights  at his mom's only and decided right then there is no way I am giving up my shared 50/50 custody of my kids for any job, for any amount of money per month, for any benefits or RRSP or pension plan or for any reason at all period. They are all I have left after my divorce and my time with them is the most valuable thing in the world. More valuable than any job could ever be. Besides, I already have the best dream job... being a father and getting to spend time with my kids every chance I get.
Should I drop out of college?I’m a junior, its almost the end of the semester so I can make it until then. I’m a semester behind in my credits so thats means 3 more semesters of this pain. I am so depressed and so anxious all the time, I have literally zero people I interact with because I am always feeling like this. Had major depression for the past 4 years. I see a psychologist, I eat super healthy (paleo, lots of veggies, omega 3s, water) and exercise almost everyday. Ive tried over 7 antidepressants, benzos, etc. and nothing helps. College is literally a constant stressor for me that I sometimes feel like it is killing me, blurry vision, cant concentrate, so tense, cant focus or communicate with people. I feel like dropping out might take away this constant pressure and stress I feel and allow me to just relax a little, make some friends and then eventually enter the real world, get a job etc. Part of me feels like I am going to regret it but I dont know if that is because I am afraid of disappointing my family. I also feel like its not ok to just “take a break” from life but that I all want to do. I am so burnt out, so miserable everyday, constantly have suicidal ideations and literally the thought of going on one more day like this physically pains me.
Scared!!So me and my ex have been separated for 8 months. He's the one that left not me. I never wanted this. I feel like these 8 months he has been dragging his feet. He absolutely no way wants me back but he has been dragging his feet. We both have our own apartments and have somewhat a schedule for our daughter. Lately he has been asking me if I wanted to do the divorce ourselves without a lawyer which to me is extremely stupid and I would never do. Friday I met with my lawyer and she is drawing up the papers for divorce and he will be served next week. I am absolutely terrified of the consequences of this. He has no clue that it is coming but I am tired of waiting for the other shoe to drop. I have spent the last 14 years doing everything he asked me to. He still expects me to do everything he asks. I am done doing what he wants. I deserve to be my own person. As much as this absolutely hurts me I feel like I have to be the one to do this because he is just dragging me along. Should I be scared? He is by no means a violent person so that's not why I am scared. I just feel that his makes it more real. He should be happy that I am doing this because he's the one that left me afterall.
Oh dam you need a job to eat it turns out off to work I go as easy as that boom 40 hours a week commuting to Amsterdam south turns out that’s hard classroom assistant and a nazi at home where are you, what are you up to, when will you be home you should be home came creeping back oh why am I looking at my phone again I thought I moved past this seeing you every day and night? No? strange, I guess this is love so 40 hours a week sick partner and a new born to look after oh sorry forgot to mention that part hi I didn’t forget you for a second your never far from my mind turns out you both are the one I helped bring in to this life the one I sang to while you were in your mothers belly as I rub oil in to the bump which is you but I will get to the rape part later. Turns out you cant be looking on your phone all day at work and you lose the job that you oh so easily fell into. Punch one two three four. One did that happen, two what the hell was that, three yes I can count, four lift arms protect head move away. Well that happened  now the eyes are running like I should be but those tears are not running down my face. Why don’t you hug me I need comfort this is emotional abuse stunned and shocked I put my arms around the person who was just giving me the old one two there four. I love you this isn’t you I tell myself you’ve gone through a lot recently things will get better.
My family has a history of alcoholism as well as mental health problems. I knew by this point I struggled with alcohol but this was also when the mental health issues started to kick in. I also found myself through a music singing app spending time with people more often than I was spending time with my wife during evenings. We just didn't get along and I hid my struggles with friendships elsewhere. I also would end up meeting a few women there that I connected with. It became sexual. I was just lonely and I made the wrong choices. I know on this sub, having lurked here for awhile, that I will be shit on for these choices. It's no defense, but I constantly tried to speak to my wife about our lack of sex and affection. I begged her to understand how lonely I felt. I even asked after awhile if she's consider an open marriage. If she had everything she needed but refused to have sex, why would it be an issue if I was able to fulfill this need elsewhere (this debate would occur for a few more years ... I've actually come to realize this is an untenable situation for myriad reasons and was a done, juvenile idea).
I had a huge amount of free time this year, as I don't have exams or homework. I decided to set some goals for my self at the start of the year because of this. As of right now, I have made very little progress with any of them. One of my goals was to clean up my diet and to stop overeating. My relationship with food is even worse now. At some point last year, I entered into a cycle of restrictive eating followed by a large consumption of food in a short span of time. This binge would be followed by a couple of days of overeating at meals and snacking on high calorie foods throughout the day until I got myself back on track. These periods of overeating were accompanied by feelings of guilt and frustration, as well as a lack of interest in my hobbies and daily chores. This continued for about five months, until I managed to apply a new perspective to my diet. For approximately three weeks I ate like a normal person, and felt great. However I relapsed back into the cycle of overeating after getting drunk at a party 3 weeks ago. I had an embarrassing experience at the party, and the next day I felt extremely bummed out. I had feelings of hopelessness, embarrassment and self-contempt that lasted for roughly 1 week, and I lost interest in my hobbies and in socializing at school. I had many strange, dark thoughts that I wasn't used to, and I spent several days browsing through subreddits like this one and r/SuicideWatch. I told my parents I was sick one day, as I didn't feel like getting up for school. However, my feelings got gradually better throughout the week, and I was soon back to normal. My memories about that week are quite vague, as is my memory about this year in general.
After 10 days in her new house, with new appliances, new furniture, and all the little things I thought she wanted, she called me, distraught and crying.  I had insisted on no-contact so that I could heal faster, but she revealed it was crushing her.  And I couldn't bear to hear her so upset.  She wanted to talk, so we did.  Then we talked some more, almost 2 hours that first day.  Then she did something really unexpected: she emailed me.  I don't remember if she'd ever done that before, definitely not in the last 7 years.  She accepted responsibility for her part in our marriage: the good, bad and other.   She was able to mirror my views back to me, showing me that she really understood me, maybe for the first time.  She said sorry.  She acknowledged that how fast she moved on such a big decision was irrational.  She acknowledged that I am not the source of her depression, and that life away from me had actually gotten harder, not easier.  She admitted that 'retail therapy' wasn't a real thing to make yourself happy;  It just leaves you with more stuff, less money, and the same emotional hole that can't be filled with Coach purses or Lula Roe clothing.  We exchanged a dozen more emails in 2 days, and I reminded her of my part in all this, and that my share of blame was at least 50% over the years.  Then she put the brakes on divorce proceedings.
I got an unexpected note from my STBX MILMy STBX and I are amicably working through our filing and getting all the details worked out. We have new places etc.... Her parents have been divorced forever. For geography reasons through the years I have spent more time with her Dads side of the family and have developed a deep family connection with them. They have been supportive of both us through this process and frankly its helped make the whole thing much easier. Her mother has always been a plane ride away, so time spent with her was less frequent through the years and we have not been super close because of that. Today in the mail (She must have asked for my address from her daughter or her ex) I received an unexpected hand written note from her. It was exactly what I needed today for a variety of reasons. She basically wrote that there will always be a place for me at her table and that I should always feel welcome and that I would always be family.  I was really worried about how her family would react to our divorce. I love them dearly and I didn't know if they would fade away from my life. Its clear to me know that those worries were unfounded.
As he kept on walking around with a smile on his face, trying to make people happy with a small gesture, and everyone around him who he tried to make happy either ignored him, or was really rude to him. Nobody trust anybody anymore. Not even a child who was trying to honestly put a smile on someone, anyone. It broke me inside. It tore me up. I held my tears back and put on a smile, kept egging him on to go and keep doing what he was doing. No one even acknowledged him. It hurts. It hurts that as humans, we can't trust anyone. We're all to busy to notice the small things in life. The simple things. We're to amazed by our own technology and self loathe to see that the people around us are trying to get our attention. That when i hope on the bus, I can't talk to anyone because when i do all i get is a nod and a look away. Or the fact that when I go order a meal at a restaurant I get the "eye roll" and "ugh" not even a thank you. I haven't heard a genuine thank you in a long time.
Does anyone else catch themselves turning on the fake happy when talking to others?I feel a bit melodramatic because I know plenty of people are so depressed that they can't get out of bed or function. But as someone who has managed to keep an academic life going in spite of being increasingly depressed I've noticed how distant I am from my feelings in my interactions with others. I go home to my room where all I can think about is how I hate myself and how I'll never be happy but when I'm around others I've become very good at putting on the happy face and being friendly. I think about how dark my thoughts get sometimes in comparison to how lighthearted I pretend to be around others. A lot of people would  be shocked if I told them I was depressed. And the worst part of it all is you begin to feel like you don't know yourself anymore. The extremes of you pretending to be happy and how you actually feel become so surreal that you lose yourself. It's the loneliest feeling in the world to have everyone think you're happy and successful when you're actually miserable.
In the past month I had started noticing that she was a little distant from me. I didnt think much of it as we have been through small stages like that before without anything serious resulting from it. The last 2 weeks of our relationship I knew something was up. She was flirting with other guys, talking about going away for a while with some guy mates, and overall acting very distant and actively avoiding hanging out. I gave her some space as I knew she has issues with feeling pressured and tied down etc. I asked her how serious this was but couldnt get many answers as she hated being queationed about it. She said to takenit serious butnit would be stupid not to keep trying since we had been going out for so long. A few days passed. We arranged to mert in a park. I thought it was to discuss what was happening. I brought food and drinks so we could have a small picnic, but when she sat down she had a solemn look on her face. I offered her a drink and she refused and said she wants to break up. My body shut down and all my emotions went into overdrive. I asked her why, and she said there was no passion and never has been. She said we are better off as friends. I asked her if we could at try to fix it but she said passion isnt something you can get back. I disagreed because there are reasons (which I cannot share on here for her privacy) why sexual passion was missing. I understand that this is not the aspect of passion, but it is important. I have been holding back on the passion side of our relationship maybe a little too much, but I thought it was beneficial for both of us at this stage. She then said a few other reasons that prior to this conversation. Many of these reasons were things she was not interssted in before. Maybe the reasons she gave me where not all the truth. Maybe she doesnt know herself. Im kicking myself for letting the relationship get to that stage without realising or doing anything to help. I understand that it is both our faults for this conclusion.
I drove home from my military base to see my ma. I see her almost every weekend as she is 3 hours from my base. I always carry my pistol with me ever since my brother got robbed at his hotel. I got home, and everyone was asleep. My family doesn't know that I've had suicidal ideology for almost all my life. 3 years ago I tried to hang myself in Japan but my belt broke and I vowed to never try again. When I got home I started to drink heavily to get rid of the pain but the pain overtook so i started my letter. I told my ma I was sorry for destroying what she brought Into this word. I told my step dad he treated my ma right. I told my 21 year old brother and my 16 year old sister that I'm sorry that I put them through this. What broke me the most on this letter was telling my 6 year old brother that I'm sorry i left him. I told him I would miss all the times we played video games together. I told him I'm sorry i won't be able to take him to the playground ever again. And I told him I'm sorry he never got to know me as his biggest brother. I'm the oldest of all siblings at 24. Once I finished my letter I placed it on my bed that my ma never got rid of it whenever I left for boot camp. I took my glock 23 and walked out to my front porch. Smoked my last cigarette, drank my last drink. And put the pistol to my head. For about 30 seconds I waited to see if this was what I wanted. After those thirty seconds i pulled the trigger.there was a click.  There was not a round in the chamber so my glock dry fired. I immediately puked and cried for about 30 mins at 2 In the morning. Since then I've sobered up ripped the note to shreds and hit my pistol in my car and put my keys in the living room. Tonight was the closet I've come to death minus combat while deployed. Death at my own hands. I don't know what to do next.
I have started play piano in a really young age. When I was 11, I was accepted to best conservatory in my country. I was also painting and writing. Basically artistic since a young age. However, during same years, I got a pretty high score from the IQ test my teachers forced me to take. After the result, my family started to push me about a career like doctor, lawyer, engineering. They forced me to stop playing piano. I hated it. Hated hated hated it. Still, I was smart and ranked #1 in the whole country during national exam. I begged my parents to send me an art school. My dream has always been piano or animation. Now Im a mechanical eng. student. Its my last year but I cannot do it anymore. Last term all my grades were F. I can understand the classes but Im hating them. Studying to them are so boring. I cannot sit on a table for hours. Whenever I tried to tell this to my parents they just shouted at me. My father is keep telling that he doesn't want to pay my tuition anymore.
I remember what was like being special to someoneI remember what was like being special to someone...  They didn't have to be  in a relationship to feel special I remember that they were just friends and whenever someone sees them, they would immediately think that they both are couples but in reality they were not. People might say that they both don't dare to tell each other how they really felt for each other,  that might be the case, but,  no. They didn't have to let each other know how they really felt,  is already shown through their actions ; staying up late to talk to each other and still not getting bored even when they see each other the next day,  telling each other all their fear  ,  giving up time just to be spent time with them, sharing memories being lonely together . The best part was that both did the same for each other. I remember what was being special to someone like. But,  time is... cruel,  they drifted apart. Nothing happened,  no fights,  no arguments,  just their life choices that drift them apart. Nothing is wrong about that but is just sad isn't? because being special to someone is a hard and rare.
I cant take it anymore.. TRIGGER WARNINGMy parents argue everyday, my dad is aggressive and my mom doesnt even notice me for most of the time. He hit me a few times which isnt that bad, other people have it much worse but its still painful and i remember it very clearly which is why i cant speak with him like it is in normal families. When i see him i dont want to say anything because i think he'll shout at me for it and he gets mad about it because im ungrateful and basically a horrible person. Im really shut in, i spend most of my day in my room besides school (im 16 btw). I have close friends but i dont really share anything with them, one of my friend is highly suicidal and i dont know what to do about it, i want to help her so badly but i feel like im hopeless. I would literally kill myself if she would and it breaks my heart to hear that she thinks she's dumb and worthless  because she's the only reason im still alive. I started cutting myself when i was only 12 and i still do it but no one knows, my parents found my blades one time but they didnt say anything, they just threw them away and its really sad because i really hoped they would care and give me some sort of support. I honestly hate my life, i think about ending it all a lot but i dont think i want to do it. Also i have no self esteem, im really dumb, dont do well in school, bad looking and disgusting im like a leech, i think my parents would be better off without me because i dont give them anything, i dont think i've ever hugged them i just spend their money and we dont have a lot of it. I wish they'd loved me back. I wish i had a normal loving and supportive parents but i dont think i deserved it. I struggle a lot with my weight, its ''normal'' but i think im really, really fat i used to restrict a lot when i was younger but when i started to have suicidal thoughts i just binged and got back to my starting weight, now i eat pretty normal but i still think its too much and i need to restrict, i still feel fat and disgusting. I have no self control.
P is for Pacing.  Yes, you've got big dreams of how to turn this warehouse full of lemons into lemonade.  You know you want to move past this.  You want to skip to the happy ending.  But every amazing movie plot takes time, development, nemesis, snags.  You wouldn't want to watch a movie that just skipped to the last scene where to hero finally vanquishes their foe and gets the girl, would you?  So accept the pace of your story.  Know it's going to be a few rough years, expect to face all the snags that the hero faces.  Know that everything you overcome brings your one step closer but the journey to get there will be slow.  Know that you'll feel like you've been kicking forever and your breath is about to give out but someday you'll finally break through the surface of the water with a gasp and feel that sweet sunlight on your wet cheeks.  There will be sunlight and oxygen in abundance.  It's coming but for now breath, pace yourself.  This will take time but happily time is the one thing you can count on.  It will pass.
I wanted to fucking kill myself. I wanted to burn my house down. I even wrote suicide notes in case any of that happened. My friend came to visit me that first weekend because he could hear the desperation in my voice, and after we spent a night out bullshitting about *anything* but the affair, we went back to my (now her) house and I read him those letters and threw them away. I woke up every single day with crippling anxiety. I felt waves of anger and sadness, back and forth, for weeks. I called the crisis hotline every goddamn night after all of my friends and family went to sleep. At first, I asked them for coping strategies, then I just started calling them to talk to someone at night. I was all alone in our house, hours away from anyone in my support system, chain-smoking a pack of cigarettes a day while I paced outside on the phone, no idea what my wife was thinking or doing or planning, or what she had thought or done or planned already. I expected the worst.
Does anyone else feel worse just seeing people who have passions?Everyday in high school I see people who can be engaged in certain classes and discussions out of what seems like interest.  Sometimes I see or hear about a student who went above and beyond on something. Or, at the very least, I notice people who can do work and study for tests reasonably ahead of time. Every time I see one of these things I feel jealous, sad, and sometimes almost resentful that I can't share this feeling of passion about a subject or school in general. As a student trying to go through an advanced curriculum, I feel especially out of place. My only "passions" are playing video games and browsing the internet, which is more of an escape habit than something I get excited about. Even video games become a chore some days. Everyone else seems to have found their way, or at least an area they're interested in, whereas I look at various subjects and don't feel remotely interested in any of them. College is coming next year, and I have no idea what I'm going to do, or if I even have the motivation to make it through. It's been difficult enough pretending like I care in high school. Any kind of work is just a massive mental chore to get through. If it weren't for my massive anxiety and fear of falling out, I probably wouldn't get anything done.
Constant tidal-like depressionAbout a year ago I developed depression. The thing that I love most became the thing that brought me the most suffering yet I still held on. I am currently in training for my dream job, but a series of learning curves sent me into a spiralling depression thinking I wasn't good enough and that I would never end up happy, or have a family, or have a job. The thing I wanted to do most became so painful to think about. Any simple association with it brought me pain even sounds. Yet.....i want it so badly. I had a 4 month period of complete depression and just as the REALLY BAD thoughts came in, my depression went dormant for a while. I still feel it in its dormancy and I feel scared that one more bad event and I will fall back in. Far more often that I want, I get this sudden flood of nausea and worry. I start becoming restless and pace my room, then....oddly enough everything calms down again. Then I get these bouts of strong sadness again maybe every hour or so. Is this something I should worry about? I am so scared that my depression will become active again if even a minor setback occurs. I kind of just waited for my depression to go away on its own until better things started happening and didn't treat myself properly.
I can't cry anymoreThat's just it. After years of living in an abusive household, years of therapy afterwards, I'm finally on my own, and I know shit happens, and it hurts when it happens, but I can't seem to cry about it. It just feels like this is how it's always going to be, and instead of feeling upset, I just feel broken. This is a feeling I'm familiar with, but it's less intense than when I was at a treatment facility. Like my mind can't take anymore pain, and it's just shut down. I'm doing all the things I'm supposed to do to feel better, I'm talking to people, I'm engaging in activities, but at the end of the day, I sit in my bed wishing I was dead, because none of it made me feel any better. I still have that feeling at the forefront of my mind, the one that causes so much pain and anguish throughout my day, and nothing I do is making it any better. I have the resources I need to not attempt suicide, I have my dog and I can get to sleep ok, but I don't think I can keep it up. I don't know why I can't just let go of these feelings. I want to cry but I can't. I want to so bad.
I don't know where to startMy wife can't be around me for a day without getting pissed at me for something. We haven't slept in the same bed for over a month. I consistently work 12+ hour shifts at a job I can't stand. My boss is unreasonable about expectations and I've told him this, his only response is "you can always work the weekend". I would quit but I'm the only one who works. I've brought the idea up to my wife about saving up to take a month away from work while I look for another job and she just calls me crazy and I can't being doing dumb things like that with a family to take care of. She's a stay at home with my son and I get a few hours a day with him if I'm lucky. I just tried changing his diaper and he wailed bloody murder until my wife came to do it at which point he was calm. He always chooses to be with her  over me. He will offer her snacks and if I ask if I can have one he says no (he's two years old) Whenever I do something for myself and don't spend time with my son, my wife calls me selfish and says I need to be a better dad. Yet she gets two hours a day without him while she uses the childcare at the gym and another 2-3 hours while he naps. But the house is always a mess when I get home and there's always dishes in the sink because she has to use his nap to workout because once a day just isn't enough. My body is falling apart. Back, knee, ankle and shoulder pains but I can't afford to go to the doctor. I want to eat healthier but by the time I get home to fend for myself for dinner, I'm too tired and just want something quick and easy. I'm writing this as my wife sleeps in my son's room. I'm rambling but this is more just a silent scream into the abyss. I have nobody I can talk to about these things which is why I'm here. My life looks great from a distance but I'm dying inside. This is the loneliest I've ever been in my life, I just feel empty. I think my mom can tell and she's offered to come visit but my wife says no . My mom's an alcoholic and she had a period when I was first dating my wife that she was rude to her and she hasn't let it go. Nothing I try and do brings the same pleasure it did before if I can even bring myself to do it. I love my dogs but I'm in such a dark place i just see them as another anchor holding me into this life because I would never abandon them. I just want to smoke but I get drug tested for work. I try not to drink so I don't end up like my mom but I need something. Something to get me through another day so I can forget what a terrible world my son is growing up in. I wish life had a redo button.
Need Advice on Car LeaseLeaving an emotionally abusive relationship is hard enough. Hell, just saying those words out loud is hard enough. Without going into too much backstory, there have been a list of things I've had to "wait for" before feeling safe enough to leave. Now that most of those things are take care of, I'm left with what to do about our lease. We have 2 years left on a 2018 Mazda CX-5. It's in fantastic condition, about 10,000 miles. I cannot afford this car on my own and my wife cannot either. Continuing to share the car is not an option, as I won't have enough money to even split the payments once I am also paying for my own place to live. Mazda uses Chase as their financier and Chase does not allow lease transferring under any circumstances. So websites like Swapalease are out of the question. I've spent hours on the phone with both Mazda and Chase Financial Services trying to find some option that feels viable. I've been told that I can either find someone to buy the car outright, and then I can use that money to pay off the remaining balance. However, no one will buy the car for what I owe because it's not worth that much being a year old already. I was also told that they can send the car to auction, but the risk is that they could only get $10,000 for it, making me responsible for the remaining \~$15,000. Even if I could get a loan for the balance of the car and try to buy it for myself, I would need those payments to be less than $300/month which is what the lease is now. And the end of the day, I'm exhausted and emotionally drained from the rest of this. I'm already worried about apartment leases and how to handle that, our current pets, finances, etc. Any advice on what to do, maybe someone has been in my shoes before?
An affair is a horrible thing, VentingSo many stories this week that are hitting my heart. Young marriages that hit the ten year mark and then blow up completely with affairs. And of course my own experience with this. I really do not see how an affair is EVER acceptable. If it's a good marriage and you want to bang someone else, *get out*. If it's a bad marriage and you want to bang someone else, *get out*! Seems simple enough to me. Open Marriage is not for me, but I guess you can take on other partners with permission, but an affair still violates those constructs and that trust. Marriage is not a hostage situation, there is always choice. If you can't honor your promises, why do it? Why use the person you pledged so much time and love to as a pacifier while you seek pleasure elsewhere? I think that's the biggest betrayal, is not the sex, but *USING* your spouse. Lying right to their face as they writhe in pain trying to read your mind. Watching them suffer and flail, while you know the cause. The same person you promised to protect from all harm, you harm irreparably. You steal their pleasure, their dreams and their innocence, and for what?
Its gonna happen, someday.I dont know when or how, I dont even know why I'm posting this. Maybe I just want to be heard, even if theres nothing anyone can do to change how I feel. Ive gone flat, I used to be sad, I used to get angry, I've been happy, had comfort, I've felt feelings they dont have words for. I used to try to convince myself that I can change my perspective, even if i believe its a level of insanity to create this imaginary will. I have already lived my life. Ive loved, I've had my 15 minutes of fame, I've traveled and met amazing people. In a way I had the crash course of living a meaningful life, and now its gone. All those great experiences just distracted me, I never really felt any different. Ive tried everything, my soul has given up, I'm practically already dead, only here to satisfy others selfishness and taxes. I can feel it coming, whenever I think about time, it brings me a sense of peace, that eventually I can finally go, move on to the next stage. The world has become vurtual to me, scripted and bland, I already know what you will say, I know it wont change anything. In a way I have a sense of enlightenment, I know theres nothing anyone can say to me, nothing anyone on this planet can do to me, my mind is mine and I already know the hearts deepest pain and that nothing is forever. I know it will be random, probably on a good day, rather than a bad one, and everyone will say what they feel they need to say after Im gone, maybe then I will be heard.
X is for Xanex.  It's okay.  You might need a little extra help to cope right now.  Be honest with how your head is in your current moment.  Needing a pill today doesn't mean you'll need it forever but it's a miracle that there may be one out there that really can help you get back to just being able to smile.  Divorce is a massively traumatic emotional event and literally can change your brain chemistry so no shame in letting medical advances balance the ship a bit while you ride out the storm.  Smiling feels really good.  You deserve to smile.  Do you remember what it was like to smile? Talk to a health professional and hopefully that therapist you hired when you moved out and find out if something as simple as a daily pill will help you move forward if you feel like your brain is stuck in a massive rut of recurring thoughts, panic attacks and self-destructive ideas.  That morning when you wake up and find yourself smiling for no reason while putting your socks on is coming, and it's going to be so fucking lovely.  Use the resources available to get back to this version of you.
I survived a near death experience and an attemptI came home late and slightly drunk after drinking some beers and eating a few slices of pizza. I had some weed oil before I hit the sack and I think that was my fuck up because it really knocked me out. I should mention I snore pretty badly and I think I have sleep apnea or something similar(believe me I’m looking into fixing it now). I had a bit of acid reflux or straight up puked but almost choked to death on my own vomit. Woke up with tunnel vision, a throat full of bile and felt severely O2 deprived. I shot out of bed and ran to the bathroom before I even took a breath. Washed out my mouth and took me a minute to realize I what had happened but I started recalling the vivid dreams. Everything about my parents, friends, ex’s, etc. I went back to sleep but I woke up shaking, fully sobered up and appreciating life a bit more. I attempted suicide last year during a severe battle with depression and that attempt didn’t scare me as much as this did because this was way closer to actually killing me. I’ve been at work all day trying to put this out of my mind but as I ride the train home, I can only think about how many horrible things would happen if I died, let alone kill myself. No matter how bad things may get in the future I won’t ever try to kill myself again. I have a lot of growing to do and I know it’s not going to be easy to fight off the depression but I’m not going to waste the second chance I’ve been given.
Am I in the minority? [Rant]I see all these posts here, about people fighting to make it work, and I just want to ask why?  Or am I so stupid to be thinking that this is going to be great?  I am on the very edge of just ending things with my wife.  We've been together 10 years (married for 8) and have 2 kids.  It breaks my heart that I will not be able to see them as much, and likely will lose my house and a lot of material stuff that I have had, but my god I am SO damn miserable all the time!  We have not tried counseling or therapy yet and to be fair, I really don't want to try, I don't WANT it to work out.  I am not in love with this woman anymore and I don't WANT to be in love with her anymore.  Is that so wrong?  Am I being selfish about this?  I just feel like I made a mistake, and it went on longer than I should have let it because I wanted to try and make it work.  I would rather be alone than the feeling I have when I am with her.  I feel like I already am alone, like I've been alone with this stranger that just doesn't get me, doesn't care about me, etc. living in the same house as me.  I don't want to fight for it anymore, and I feel like when I read the posts on here, I'm in the minority.
boy was i wrong as a kidwhen I was younger ( in my teens) I always thought I was depressed and suicidal, and people would ask why and I always knew why, whether it be school work, my family, or some silly boy who never noticed me. Now that im older I realize how little I knew about depression and suicide ( not to take away from others who are, for me at that age I was just sad), now when people ask whats wrong I think I know the answer, but its not true, I have no money issues( im not rich but im not struggling) I have an amazing boyfriend.I love my job, and I have no family issues.. its all in my head, " I m worthless, everyone hates me, I wont make ends meet this month if I buy this item I want, my boyfriend is gonna realize how fat and stupid I am and leave me" yet i know none of that is true, but once I hit that "time" Its hard to get out of it.. I cry my self to sleep most of the time cause im too afraid to talk to anyone about this kind of thing cause, like i said if im in the right mind i know its all silly. I dont want to seek help cause I feel there is probably someone out there who needs it more than me and I dont want to take away a spot for them. I just dont want to be like this anymore... idk.. end rant. ill try sleeping again...
I’m completely aloneI’ve been working so hard on my mental health, I really have. I stayed at a treatment facility for a month, took their pills, filled out their prescriptions, threw out my razors and belts, and even threw out my medication when the thoughts got too overbearing, hell, I even called the suicide prevention hotline number after calling out of work last minute on Friday because I couldn’t handle anything. I talked to the operator for 4 hours, and it helped for 5 seconds. Here I am now, wide awake, in bed, with two feet of space separating me from my partner, a stranger to me now, the 1,000th night beside him, and every night I’m next to him I feel him inching further and further from me in his dreams. I haven’t got friends, I tried using bumble to meet girls in the area but all anyone my age wants to do is get blackout drunk, and my failing health can not withstand that lifestyle. I am estranged from my family and have absolutely nobody to comfort me when it gets bad. I hate my job. I hate my trauma. My PTSD. My inability to voice my emotions to my partner, not like he’d actually care, seeing as he told me the other night that he’s losing passion for me. I don’t even know what the purpose of any of this was, I just feel so fucking empty and worthless and I wish I hadn’t thrown away all of my medication, belts and razors. I’m too tired to fix myself. I’m too tired to keep suffering. So what is it I’m supposed to do, when I’ve tried everything already? Moving to another state didn’t help, therapy didn’t help, medication didn’t help, new job, hobbies, meditation, religion, positivity, love, kindness, nothing helps. Am I hopeless? Can I actually be saved?
This semester I am only taking four intensive, time consuming classes, and I have roughly 10 hours of work a week which is mostly done remotely. I also dog walk for some extra cash to afford food. The problem is I have been way too lax, and unfocused, generally taking way too long for basic assignments or just not finishing them, which evolves into not submitting them. With my work, I used to be able to put it first and get things done even between my classes, sometimes working over 10 hours a week as I'm given new projects. Lately, I have barely gotten any work done outside of my meeting day.  I believe it is the zoloft messing with me, maybe it was the anxiety that was fueling me to actually get things done. I feel like I just keep digging a hole for myself, and its my fault I'm in there. With work I get emails about updates to projects and I usually these days don't reply, and submit what I have worked on minutes prior to my meetings. Which always results in a pissed off boss really. Then I feel even worse and my ocd comes back telling me that I'm a horrible person and everyone hates me. Its a weird tick, I don't know how to describe it.
I'm just not myself anymore.As a teenager I wasnt a very good student. After taking a couple years off after high school, something finally clicked in my brain that gave me goals and made me want to be a contributing  member of society. I picked a degree field I was passionate about, got married, was getting good grades. I was so proud of myself. Then we lost our house in a flood. But I stayed in school, and kept my job. I never stopped because it was crunch time, time for me to prove how strong I am! That wasn't a good idea. It's been over 6 months since the flood and I still cry myself asleep every night. I've been to one class in the past 2 and a half weeks, I slept through a meeting at work and now I'm suspended for the week, my grades are dropping, I can feel myself trying to recluse up in my shitty apartment all day. I've made an appointment with a councelor for this week, but how do some of you guys take back control after your life turns into a slow motion car crash that you watch yourself cause as you simultaneously lose the power to fix it? The worse things get the more I just feel paralyzed and cry. I feel like I'm letting myself down.
HappyIn my 18 years of life I've never been genuinely happy. I probably was when i was really young. But almost everything i remember I've always been sad or depressed. Ive become so numb to everything its like I'm a robot. Ive finally hit the point where I've given up. I don't care if i live, or die. I use my phone when I'm driving because i don't care if i hit something and die. I don't look when i cross the street, or when i do anything else thats dangerous. Every day i wonder why someone like me was put on this earth. I don't bring joy to anyones life i just lock myself in my room because i feel like a bother to everyone. I always get yelled at because I'm "lazy" but my family doesn't understand that I've thought about killing myself at least once a day since i was 10. I honestly have 0 talents. Im not good at literally anything. I have no purpose or reason to be here. I think everyone would be better off without me in their lives. Id never kill myself because I'm too much of a pussy to do it. I just hope i make a big mistake that takes my life for me. Im always pushing away because i feel like i may actually kill myself one day and i don't want anyone to miss me. Sorry this was all jumbled up and sorry if i bothered anyone. I just needed to get those things off my chest to people who don't know me so i can continue being fake happy around my family and "friends”.
First court date. I get sent to the stand, I notice three familiar faces near the back. Oh look, It's Cunt, Grump and Rich. I won't go into too much details but I was asked to speak about one of the many instances in their house. Yes I said Their. I spoke about the locations around the times I thought it would be trying my best to go from beginning to end but my story had holes and they burrowed into me like a mocking child. One instance when I was 11. Darcy had me on top of him in reverse as he "ate me out" trying to get me to suck him off. It smelled so bad and I wasn't afraid to tell him so. You want to know where that happened? Cunt's bed. So while Rich, Grump and Cunt went to dinner (as they liked to exclude me from anything fun or family oriented) He molested me in Cunts bed. Another instance. If you were paying attention this will sound familiar. He had his naked body pressed against me when Grump wanted in and asked Darcy if he was going to take Cunt to hockey practice. At this point in court Cunt has run out of the room in tears. I took gratification from it. Weather she believe it happened or not. It was going to effect her. Good. Consider it payback for all the times you Attacked me, made me starve or told rumors about me. And yet it's still too good for you, Cunt.
Reality is at 26 I have nothing at all going for me. My last girlfriend accused me of rape when we broke up, which I am still under investigation for and being treated like a criminal already. In fact all of my previous ex girlfriends have betrayed my trust completely, and my best friend from 16 to 22/23 sent someone to break into my house and burgle me while I was out. I have no trust in people. Anything good that I had seems to be lost. I know this is a depressing rant, but hey it's r/depression. I'm in tonnes of debt, still live with my parents, have no hobbies, no car, no social life. I don't know where to go from here. The only thing that's stopped me from committing suicide is the anguish it would put my family through, not to mention they would receive my debts. I'm not that selfish, and I would never want my mum to question whether she did something wrong. I've thought about leaving a note explaining that I did it because of my own actions, and that everyone else did great. My brain is a constant fuzz of static. It feels like I have a heavy dark cloud constantly surrounding the upper half of my skull. In February I started to lift weights. I started feeling good about myself a bit. But recently I stopped again, and now my body refuses to eat even when I'm hungry. I'm wasting away. I go through cycles like this all the time, but as my life goes on the highs get higher and the lows get lower.  Last time I went to the DR he said I need to stop the cannabis as it will likely cause most of my problems. Thing is I've smoked since a young teenager, very hard to stop, although I have cut down a lot. I need help. I just need help from someone. Anyone. I'm not asking Reddit, I want someone in my personal life to help. But anyone who would have I haven't spoken to in years. Another issue of mine is that I can not talk to someone for a year, and expect to start where we left off. This is because I find it very hard to be sociable. I think other people get offended by this. Reality is I just don't feel comfortable most of the time.
My last words to this world .Hi my name is Salvador Palafox . I am currently living in menifee California and I am writing this because between now and 1 years I will not be alive anymore , I am not fit for this world, I am weak , I am slow , dumb, I am bad and I am pain to everyone , I don't mean to come on to strong , but i am going through so much emotions , I have lost the most important thing to me in this word , Bethany Wilson, my wife , my girlfriend , my bestfriend , I have ruined what we were and could have been , I ruined our relationship , we were almost going on to three years , not anymore , I have ruined my whole life , my whole career , my whole well being , my soul, I am ruined . I am only 19 going on 20 but I feel old I feel done . I have not done anything good for this world , I have caused pain , this world needs people like me only to learn from mistakes and I am the mistake . Idk when but soon I am going to drive off somewhere and shoot myself . If anybody sees this . I love you mom and dad , thank you for raising me , this is NOT YOUR FAULT!! This is mine . Thank you for being so loving and so caring , don't miss me this is what i know I have to do this will bring good . Alex and nina I love you guys I know I didn't really say it but I love you both so much, Alexis dude you're my brother I'm so proud to see you growing up to become someone so well and educated ! I'm proud of you bro ! I wish I could have been next to you but I fell off gee I ruined my chance . MY WHOLE FAMILY I LOVE YOU ALL , Bethany Denise wilson I love you so much so so much don't ever forget that I do . Through wtvr I have done I love you to death , and I'll take this love with me to my last moments , don't forget the man I was before I ruined myself , I love you so much so so much <33 12.16.12 well this is bye , I love you all <3
I miss my Ex, but I don't.I'm in my mid 30's and about a year ago I left my souse.  I'm with the love of my life and the person I should have always been with.  they are caring and wonderful and provide everything I always expected and wanted in a real partnership.  My ex and I never had a healthy relationship.  We would bicker constantly, immediately go for blood in our many and constant fights.  She was a terrible partner, did nothing to support the house.  Rarely helped with cooking, or cleaning, or any household things.  She was verbally abusive, and every once in a while physically.  I was so unhappy for so long and told people about it constantly.  The problem is when things were good, they were great.  We got along and had a ton of fun.  She probably would have been a great friend to have, but we never meshed as a married couple.  She just was never who I expected her to be and was never a true partner.  Most of the time I'm very happy with the decision I made.
I feel silly. A 32-year-old combat vet, with 2.5 years as a corrections deputy, shouldn't be this fragile. I've seen horrific things, done horrific things, and this is worse than all of them. My nightmares before were of things that I had done or seen that I can never forget, but I learned to deal with them. Now, I'm more scared of the nightmare of never coming to terms with the feeling of being alone. An emptiness that I can't find a way to fill. And I'm not talking about just the pure loneliness of life, but the fear that no one will ever truly be connected to me again or vice versa. I've had girlfriends (briefly), I've had female acquaintances appear, past vultures who have heard of and smelled the wounded animal dying, and exploited it. I gave in, I'm not innocent and I'm not trying to pain them in a negative light, but that's how it felt in retrospect. So many conversations starting with "Well, I always wondered but you were married!". It's the loneliness that turned to weakness.
I've been going through a divorce with my stbxh for the last 7 months or so. I knew it wasn't going to be easy but I didn't know how drawn out he would make it. Anyways, it all started on my daughter's 17th birthday a couple of weeks ago. My daughter and I did most of the planning because he just didn't seem interested in doing so, and I didn't let it effect her day. However, what was supposed to be her day ended up being all about him. He talked nonstop and interrupted conversation and just made it about him. He ask us in front of her guest what her and I are going to do for the 4th of July weekend. I said that is the weekend she leaves for Germany (3 week trip with her school) remember and I was going to be there for when she leaves. He was like oh right I forgot and told us that he planned a vacation with one of his friends and couldn't really cancel it. (whatever). She was so over it that she ended up leaving and went home. He didn't even get her a gift or card which I believe upset her but she didn't say anything about it and still hasn't. I also tried not to let it show how furious I was with him.
How do I feel my mum that I self harm and feel depressed? F14I need help. I admit that I do. I’ve attempted suicide more than 10 times and yet no one knows. I still want to kill myself. I self harm every night and sometimes during the day and yet no one knows how bad it is and how bad it’s getting. The only people that knew have left this world. I do online school and the only two friends I have go to the public school that I left. I left public school because of my anxiety. I’ve told them both that I self harm (through text because I couldn’t see them at the time) it was really hard for me to even do that. They kind of changed the subject but they told me they were there for me. Now we never talk about it. I have no idea how to open up to my parents. We aren’t very close and I wish we were. I live with only my mum. No one else, my siblings are all older and live with their partners or children. My dad lives close to us and he sometimes comes to see me. He’s already lost a sister to suicide and he has bipolar himself. I don’t know how to tell them anything. I haven’t hugged my mum is so long. I really just want to hug her, tell her how I feel and what’s going on in my life. But I don’t know how 😭I really want to commit suicide but I feel like if I do that my mum will think it’s her fault. And I don’t want to leave this world without hugging my mum, but I also don’t want to see my parents die before me.
I'm tired of hating myself and every part about me. I wanna feel better...I just want help. I'm 18 male. I feel like everything I do is a mistake. I feel like every feature about myself is terrible. All my friends end up replacing me for other people, usually my other friends and then they BOTH end up replacing me for each other. I feel that people only hit me up out of pity. I feel like genuinely if I died no one would give a shit. I fantasize about death all the fucking time. My grades are terrible, my rooms a mess, I'm going to school 8 hours a day and coming home just to work for another 8 hours and then I go home to sleep and start the next day the exact fucking same. I don't have motivation to do shit anymore. Music is my dying passion, I want to make it as a musician of some sort. That's all I want, to help and connect with people, to entertain, to make people laugh, but I can't. I don't have motivation. I don't have the drive to make magic happen. I hate my music and every project I create almost. I feel like I never improve and I hate every single part about myself. I compare myself to my girlfriends exes, I always have the worst thoughts in my head, and I'm fucking tired of this feeling. I'm not in a good place. I just want help. Please fucking help me... I don't know if i need a doctor... A counselor... A therapist.. A psychiatrist... A psychologist... A help hotline... I don't know.. I just wanna get better....
She told me to leave for a few days but then changed her mind?Last night she told me it’d be best if I went somewhere else for a few days. We had a date planned for Saturday and we have to meet on Friday regardless to turn in keys but last night she asked me to gather some things and leave. I however grabbed all of my personal things just in case she decides she wants me to stay gone. After a very emotional and heart breaking goodbye I walked out the door. On my way down the road I had to pull over as I was so distraught. I couldn’t breathe or think let alone drive. I immediately texted her apologizing begging to come back, she told me I could. Once I got back she was laying bed all fine like nothing had ever even happened and she didn’t miss me. This morning as she left for work she look pretty disturbed that I was back. Her goodbye kiss for the day was very off. It’s been 2 hours and I finally texted her asking if she regrets letting me come back and to see if we should’ve just stuck to our separation. She claims she doesn’t want me to leave leave but just to take a few days but what gets me is last night she decided to keep her current job which pays double of what the job she planned to go to does. Also, when I woke up from a nap last night before all of the drama I walked up stairs to find her with her mom planning out her personal living expenses. Kind of implying she knows she can live without me.
I feel so guilty. There were no affairs or abuse and it was mutual but I just feel so guilty. Her family is shit. When we told my family together she wept with gratitude and grief as she thanked them for being the family she always needed. She told my mom she mothered her better than her own mom ever could. I'm thankful we divorced after Christmas so we can go a full year without each other before the next holidays come around. But I feel so fucking guilty. My therapist said I overextended the amount to which I gave her. I paid off all the credit cards and let her have the entire savings of about $5,000 as well as said i'd give her $600 over the next few months until she hits career milestone which will see her salary sky rocket.. She makes fine money but in the next few months she's going to start making 100k+ a year but she's always had financial anxiety and I knew this would make her feel better. She also asked if she could take the dog, which I've been the primary caretaker of and paid for and named, and am more attached to. I told her no. I feel so guilty about that.
Good news: the pain is finally receding into the ocean of agony. It took 4 weeks and 1 day to finally feel legitimately peaceful again, even if this peaceful feeling is only mild and provisional. For the past 2 days, I've accepted that she's gone, there's nothing I can do about that, and she was terrible anyway so this will work out much better for me in the long run. I don't think about her hanging out with her AP. I don't care what she's doing with her time. I don't fear the shitty circumstances I find myself in. I have my self esteem and confidence back, and a firm grip on just how much I don't like this person or want them to be around me anymore. Plus, I'm closer to my friends and family than I've been in years, and I am aware of a lot of shitty character flaws that I must change in myself, especially before dating again. Sure, I'll miss this nice house, being intimate with someone, knowing that someone is out there who loves me as much as I love them, the future that was taken from me, and having what I thought would be a companion for life. But I can't change history, and there's no use in dwelling on all of that bullshit. Life goes on, and I'll get through this just fine.
That year, we moved again. We moved to Mackay, further from my father. My school experience wasn’t much of a difference from the last. I had trouble making friends. I ate my lunch often alone. I started clarinet lessons, but it was more of a chore than a hobby. My mother got yet another 9 to 5 job, but I didn’t go to after-school care. I had to go to a home with Jess, a supervisor who took care of kids after school or daycare. I was the oldest one there so it wasn’t really something to look forward to. I learned how to ride my bike back in my first town with my father so I started riding in Mackay. Nope. I was 7 and the ride from home to school was a little far. My father moved just outside of town so we began the ‘You have her one weekend and I’ll have to the next’ routine again. I found an interest in netball. I trained with another school every Thursday afternoon and had games every Saturday. It was fun but I didn’t attend the school I played for so again, no real friends. I finished year 2, 3, 4 and the beginning of 5. You know what that means.
I almost died on Monday, I am going to try again tomorrowI have been to this subreddit many times before and have had several posts on here. Earlier this week I attempted to commit suicide. I did not want my family to find me in the house so I went to a patch of woods about 400ms behind my house and took my cheap belt and nailed 2 nails into the top two holes into a tree. I factory reset my phone and computer, left a flash drive saying I didnt want a funeral, and went to do it. Everything was set and I put my neck into the loop of the belt I made and began to strangle myself to death. I don't know how long it was before I passed out but I remember waking up and trying to figure out what was going. It was like waking up from a dream. As soon as the oxygen returned to my head and I got up and turned around and the belt had snapped, too much weight. Note I only weigh 140 lbs but it was a cheap Kmart belt and it snapped. The rest of the belt is still on the tree. I got up and left and went to track practice. I was really happy. Now something happened again and Ive decided to kill myself again, with a different belt, putting nails into 4 of the holes so the weight is spread out and it doesnt snap. I am going to do this right this time.
3rd grade was different. I had a new teacher (one teacher per 2 grade levels) and I was excited. Not much happened in 3rd grade. Everything was good. We lived at this neighborhood which had a bunch of 4 apartment house buildings. (Not complexes, they were more modern-ish, and looked more like huge houses. We had ok neighbors, but one came out in particular. You may remember him as Nick the dick. He still went to the old school, but he was our neighbor. I tried to be friends with him but I couldn't. He was just ugghh. He was horrible. luckily he moved out about a year later. My dad still lived in let's call the town, Mville. Every weekend he would take us to Mville, and we'd sleep over. I liked it, but then again, I was only 9. After 4th grade, I heard that we were moving. Again. Only this time it was to minnesota.i was sad. After Nick had moved out, a woman named Nicki moved in. She had a dog she called teddy. Teddy was amazing. The summers there were amazing. I couldn't have asked for anything more than a summer in that town. I once again had a lot of good memories of that place. But once again, dad wasn't coming with us. right before we were about to leave, dad issued my mom divorce papers. That word again. We stayed 2 more days  then left. We left when I was 10.
I'm posting today because it's three years later and I'm struggling.  I'm struggling hard.  It's been three years since the end, two since the final documents were signed, and I'm still single.  Still without an actual relationship since.  I've put effort into the online dating thing, with limited results...been ghosted more times than I care to count, rarely get matches that I really am excited about.  I delete them from time to time and take breaks.  The current girl I've been talking to for 6 weeks seems to be ghosting me now, too.  All of my friends are married, outside of one or two.  All of the married ones, outside of one or two, have children.  Instead of moving forward like them, creating new things...I'm on tinder and bumble.  Hanging out with them...it makes me realize how far behind I am.  She's also remarried, so I've heard.  But we don't talk, so that's all I know.  All I care to know, really.  So I guess I'm behind her too, not that it should matter, I just don't quite understand how she has been allowed to walk away with something new and good, and yet I'm on reddit posting my fears.  If that makes sense...?
While sitting here thinking I look back at all that was and realize that all that was was not real. The fantasy that I made in my head of how my life was is just that...a fantasy. Reality is that my life was not so great. I was an angry person. I was a sad and lonely person. My marriage was not perfect. My marriage was not always full of crazy love. I became complacent in my life. I start resenting and hating my husband for the lack of love and the lack of sex in our marriage. But now I realize it was both of us. I was a bitter person always picking fights. Always looking for the faults in my husband. Instead I should have looked at him and tried to figure out a solution. I nagged and I nagged until he too started resenting me. That is no marriage. It became a fighting ring everyday. It was like this at the end until one day he was just done. He gave up. He walked away. When he left I realized that we were unhappy. This is something I believe that we could've worked through but by this time it was too late. Looking back I realize I lost something that could've been great. When he left I used to try to use my daughter as the excuse for him to come back but that was wrong. I wanted him back because I didn't want to be lonely. I was scared. I still am. He was done. He did not have any fight left in him so he left. I cannot say that I blame him. I was on the edge of walking out a few weeks before he left but decided to stay because I loved my husband and was scared of the consequences of leaving. I gave up long before he left but just did not realize that I had given up. I love him and will always love him but the consequences of loving him is a broken heart and a broken soul. This is something I am told that will eventually heal. I am told that "time heals all". But how much time? I look back and see all the wrongs I would like to right. But then I think of the betrayal and the hate that I also feel. I deserve better. I begged him for therapy. I begged him to give us another try. I gave up all of my dignity begging for something that deep down I knew he could not give me. Everytime I begged I slowly felt a piece of my soul fall away. Once again, who am I? I was raised by a very strong woman to be a strong woman but here I am lost and shattered. My mom always told me to not let a man break me. I always felt great wonder at these women that let a man break them. Now I understand. Now I look at these women as comrades in arms because that is what we are. I believe I am strong but even strong women stumble and fall at times. I will get back up and brush it off but first I still need to know Who am I?
Two years ago our sex life took a dive and I found him talking to other women on a dating app. None of them were local and I have no reason to believe he ever did anything in person. Things got bad, full transparency, the whole nine. It wasn’t until I started looking at his activity that I realized he regularly was watching porn while telling me he wasn’t interested in sex. I confronted him, he swore he’d stop. The usual. Fast foreword about 3 times finding out he hadn’t stopped and had just been lying to me, I found a google drive file full of curated downloaded porn. Maybe 25 videos. I lost it. This happened a second time, with admittedly less videos saved the second time around. I forgave it again, we had yet another talk for the hundredth time, and fast forward to today I found his secret Reddit account with a bunch of saved kink porn. Just last night I cried in our bed about how I felt like he just had no interesting my body expect for sticking it in and being done. No romance, sensuality, or anything that would possible benefit just me. He told me he would fix it. Today, I think I’m just done. I’m tired of being hurt. I’m tired of the dishonesty and hiding. I’m tired of feeling like just a receptacle for him, and the nanny/maid. Im so hurt and my self esteem has been in the negative for the last 3 or so years because of this.
I tried to hang myself and I’m not handling it wellYesterday I tried to hang myself from a bridge with a belt and when I jumped I instantly regretted it. I fought with all my strength to hold on to the rail, but the belt was chocking me. I tried screaming for help but my voice was too hoarse for anyone to hear me. Eventually my arms gave out and I started to dangle and suffocate. I saw people in my life that had died and I saw all the great memories of my life flash before my eyes. Right as I was about to “go out” my leg began to swing up and reached a ledge. It was my last strength. I pulled myself up with my remaining core strength and leg strength so that I was parallel with the bridge. This gave me room to breath again. I swung my arm up and around the rail so that I could attempt to take the belt off and I knew I only had one shot at this. I was successful, but my body gave out after the belt was free and I dropped into the water. The next day (or today) I have been reliving the moments that seemed to be my final moments and other PTSD symptoms and I’m not sure how I can deal with it. Anyone have anything that could help?
Worthlessness,depression,suicidal thoughts. How do i move on?The current situation is hard to cope with. I am currently Jobless & i am majoring Psychology. Problems started gradually developing in a very slow pace when i joined the army a few years ago. I was working out a lot, feeling great about myself but when i joined i stopped everything related to well-being, became depressed, couldn’t handle the people on the environment because I thought everyone was mindless and not a good person inside. I had less than 5 hours of sleep per day, and i was a guard for around 12 hours. After the army, I engaged on gaming for countless hours, I went to study programming but this specific degree had no future since it wasn't even an undergrad. I completely ignored it. Switched to major psychology on a university. All went well in the beginning but then I ignored it once again since I was living with myself and had no control over me unable to discipline myself. I lost 1 year because of that. Then I passed the module. My relationships were toxic as hell, I lost self confidence and gradually started staying in my house most of the time. I feel very awkward in social situations with people I do not know and I was the entire opposite a few years back. I keep many things for myself since I was betrayed by people around me. I feel very lonely nowadays. I lost all of my best friends. I wish none of that happened.
this is wrongi have multiple medical disorders, like hemaplegic migraine disorder, connective tissue disorder and POTS (please look them up if you dont know what they are) so im very sick a lot of times and i miss school, my school treats m horribly because of it, and its illegal to fail a student when they medically miss school because of their problems, but my school doesnt care, i have 504 setup as well, and they arent following it, in one my classes mainly, she doesnt give me extra time when it says im supposed to have it, and she hardly helps me when i miss a day like my teachers are supposed to, my migraine count has gone up from 1 a week to almost every day and its because of them, its not my fault im missing days when im physically not able to even get out of bed when i feel so bad, they dont understand that and they dont care to do research on why im missing so many days, and please dont comment things like "they are just doing their job" because they really arent, they arent failing me EVERYTIME im missing a damn day because they have to do it because its their job, its wrongto do it when have so much going on, and im sure im prolly not the only person in my schothat feels this way
Yesterday a random girl on campus hugged me and I felt much betterI go to one of the largest universities in the nation and am having a really tough time here while trying to not let depression take over my life. Yesterday, I was killing time in between classes as usual, sitting near some trees in a popular part of campus to study at. On a scale from 0-10, my depression was at an 8 or 9 and I desperately needed help. I posted on Yik Yak asking if anyone near me wanted to give me a hug (Yik Yak is a popular app among college students kind of like an anonymous twitter, and you can only see posts within a mile away from you or something like that). I ended up deleting the post almost instantly because I felt silly asking for a stranger to give me a hug. But within a minute, a random girl peeked at my phone, asked if I was the one who posted the anonymous cry for help and hugged me while I choked back tears. I still can't believe it happened. I didn't catch her name or say much to her but it really helped me get through the day.
Just found this place.I barely searched and happened to find this place. Finally a place that people can be truly open and honest about things. I see a lot of new posts. So I will undoubtably get lost in the shuffle. But I just hope to the few that may come across this. I want to vent my true thoughts and feelings. This is easily the worst time of my life. And that’s saying something. I got scammed into a fake lease. And Im going to be homeless and most likely finally done with this existence in a few months.  Tried to make a go fund. But of course that didn’t work at all. So sick of this disgusting cold world.   But I also want to just vent this.  Poor and poverty stricken people here. I know your pain.  I live it. Every day. I sleep on an air mattress and survive on peanut butter jelly. This social media and technology thing is a double edged sword. Has it caused online bullying and brought bad things? Yes. No question. But on the other side. Think of all the help this has brought. To be able to reach out to others online. Who feel the same. People who connect through their like of music, video games, pop culture, whatever it is. And of course. Tinder, pof, “dating” sites. All those who found and still find hookups, flings, someone to just chill with and spend time with. Social media is not the problem. The problem is the society. The fact that we are rats in a maze. Punching time cards. Being modern slaves. Working for the scum garbage of the earth. The millionaires, billionaires. Who have mansions, yachts, helicopters. Everything they could ever want. They view us as ants. As disposable. So we live these meaningless lives. Work. Pay bills. Pay taxes. Repeat the cycle.  We worry about how we are going to pay our rent. Keep food in our stomach.  We eat poison. Fast food with 100 different ingredients and preservatives and bs that we shouldn’t consume. But what choice do we have? Do we have money? Do we own farms? Can we afford expensive farmers market gourmet organic food? Hell no. So we settle for the little debbies. The rice krispies. Just to survive. Our lives are so bad and filled with so much misery. We turn to drugs and liquor and casual sex and hookups just to numb our pain and survive our existence. Eventually the pain of this “life” if you can even call it that. Becomes too much to handle. And suicide relieves all of that. You want to know why suicidal thoughts and actions are at an all time high? Just look around. Look at society. Look at the financial situations we are in.  While we survive on food stamps. Section 8. Welfare.  There are fucking millionaires and billionaires in mansions and yachts. It’s absolutely disgusting and disgraceful.  Our pain and agony should not even exist.  If you have money and complain about life. You are part of the problem.  Only those who truly know real pain and struggle can understand.
On the bright side, me and my dad actually had a bonding moment that night. Me and him were a crying mess and hugging each other along with my older brother (who somehow hasn't been affected at all by what's going on...or that we know of..) We were in a group hug, and the only ones crying was me and my dad. I remember what my dad told me because..well because he rarely says things like this. My dad pushed my hair out of my face and looked me in the eyes and said: "I never had a sister...so having a daughter is difficult cuz I don't know what to do most of the time...It was weird at first....but now I don't ever want to let you go...even when I'm dead..." My dad rarely says these kind of things, he's the kind who shows love a certain way instead of the typical/normal way. For example, normally people would get mad if you gave them the middle finger. Well, in my house it's actually welcomed to do it to one another. It's our weird way of saying 'I love you'....My dad is actually waiting for the day I say to him "F you dad". But he wants me to say the actual F word. My brother has already done it, now I have to do it. So yeah my family is weird...ANYWAYS ONCE AGAIN MOVING ON!!!
As much as I thought I could handle that position in life, I hated it.  I resented myself for allowing that to happen, and I began to resent her for making decisions that took her away from us.  She would spend more and more time with the Guard. She would volunteer for missions that she didn’t need to. I understood it.  I tried to be supportive of it, but I hated that she would rather be there than with her husband. Then she talked me into having a child.  I was nervous about this but hopeful that it would bring her back to me. And for a time it did. But then she got a job working 100 hour weeks, and all of my free time was taken up with caring for our son.  I love my son. I do. I really truly do. I should say, that at this point, I realized I would never be enough for her. No matter what kind of a husband I was, I could never be enough to make her happy. I just hoped that our son would fill in enough of the voids in our relationship to make her want to stay home once in a while.  And he was. For a time.
I can’t stop thinking about the suicide threat and the events of that night. It was awful, just absolutely the worst moment of my life. I still get panicky when he gets angry, even over texts. I have tried to avoid any arguments or disagreements, with anyone, because I can’t handle it. I am afraid now in ways I never was before - I was in a minor car accident and I didn’t drive again for 4 months because I was terrified. That’s not the type of person I am, normally. Our kids are young so we have many years of co-parenting ahead of us, but I absolutely cannot deal with his petty, entitled, angry attitude anymore. He forgot to pick up our daughter from school, but he never forgets about a happy hour with friends, or when a new video game will be released. What kind of mother would I be if I didn’t bring my concern about my daughter being stranded after school? I’m not perfect, I made a lot of mistakes in our marriage, but I still can’t do anything right in his eyes.
My plan is a WIP but slowly but surely going to happen very soon...I had a best friend for almost two years (that's the longest somebody has ever wanted to stay my friend), now he hates me and wants absolutely nothing to do with me. I am now back to zero friends and have been since October. I had a boyfriend who was making me happy and confident, he decided I'm too busy for him, dumped me, talked to my sister about me, then blocked me on everything. Then his best friend started shit talking me. I have a job, I've been there three months. I work my fucking ass off in the heat, and I'm the only one with the training badge still. People who got hired after me have the official tags. My training tag makes costumers treat me like shit. My sister is going through my room again, ransacking it and reading my private journals. My parents give me absolutely no privacy. My therapist tells my mom everything I say WHILE IM IN THE ROOM with them both. I had a bad relapse about a month ago and now have all these deep cuts and scars forming. Everybody keeps reminding me that I was in the mental hospital this time last year. My schizophrenia is bad but I'm on the highest dosage I can take and the pill is the only anti-psychotic that works for me according to testing. Im on 20+ meds. Whenever I get injured (for instance I had a sprained wrist about a month ago that was swollen and purple), people tell me to toughen up and that I'm being overdramatic. I've attempted slitting my wrist several times, jumping in front of traffic, drinking bleach, was going to try jumping off a bridge last summer but couldn't get anyone to take me there. My family doesn't even notice me except to correct me on the stupidest, tinniest things. I'm schizo, autistic, have clinical depression, have psychosis, have an unspecified stress disorder, have a panic disorder, have GAD, have SAD (my anxiety levels are pretty much off the charts), I have ODD and ADHD, have a panic disorder, and I am basically just a dumb-fuck. I'm planning on an OD soon. I just need to find the right pills to do it with and pray to god that it works...I also need to find a good date and make sure that nobodies home at the time...
     Like almost anything thoughtful or important that I try to write about, this just became an epic novel. And as most people here probably understand, this is the highly abridged and condensed version. It would take me longer than this just to detail some single days. So I'm trapped here with no visible end to this and I wonder how many people have experienced this Purgatory that I'm in. And I know every man, woman, and relationship is different, so help is hard to offer. I just wonder if there's anything safe I could do. I imagine I'm probably just going to have to wait this out, see it to the end the way I've been going through it up to this point. I won't put her out, because she's my wife and my friend and I care about her. And also I can't leave, because then she will take it as me forfeiting the house she's agreed so far to let me keep. I know this because during the affair last year I left one night after having enough, and came home to everything of mine thrown across the porch, driveway, and yard. Because even though the affair was her doing and she was the one who wouldn't come home for days at a time, it was unacceptable for me to leave and do anything besides sit in the house with the kids and beg her to come home. I suppose I've answered my own question here.  Maybe this was just a rant.
My family searched my room while I was in the hospitalI don’t know if anyone will even read this, I just need to tell someone what is happening. here’s the story a little over a week ago I admitted my self into the hospital because I did not feel I could keep my self safe any longer. The next day brother was “looking for cough drops” at least that the excuse they used. And he looked in the box where I keep all of my SH tools in.  He then proceeded to go though my notebooks where he found some letters that were address to my family after I was dead but had never intended for anyone to read. I didn’t even want them to read them even if I had killed myself. He freaked out and showed them to my sister, who showed my dad. They then decided to search my entire room they went though every box and they took all the cloths out of my closet. They took everything out of my desk. Read though all of my notebooks. This happen last Wednesday and they didn’t tell me until Sunday. I saw my parents 3 Times between the time they found the notebooks and SH stuff. They said the his hospital told them to go though all of my stuff and they also told them not to tell me. I am really devastated that they read something so personal that I never wanted them to read. Now I don’t know what to do. All I’ve done since I found out is cry. I feel worse now then when I went into the hospital. Thanks for reading. I don’t have anyone to talk to about this. I just really need a place to rant.
I’m worried I’m losing touch with realityHi, I’m under a lot of family and social stress, and I’m freaking out because I think I’m starting to lose it. I keep hearing things that I’m not sure are really there, like incoherent whispering, humming, creaking or breathing. I have really vivid, disturbing hallucinations while I’m on the verge of sleep that make me afraid to go to bed at night, the slightest sound panicking me. I’m an excessive daydreamer (not something I want to get rid of) which means I’m constantly in my own head, but it’s becoming harder and harder to control my thoughts. Sometimes I’ll become so entrenched in a mental argument I’ll be motionless for up to half an hour at a time, sometimes to the point of tears. I’ve tried all that ‘mindfulness’ stuff and it doesn’t help me whatsoever, if anything it only stresses me out more. I’m scared to seek help because I don’t want to be seen as “just another attention seeking teenager,” and have already been dismissed by my mother when I shared my concerns. My dad has depression himself and I don’t want to stress him out any more. There’s nobody else I’m particularly close to.
He’s addicted to pain medicine and has been for the past 10 years roughly, but his addiction is only getting worse.  He’s also extremely controlling and jealous.  I can’t even go to my sister’s house without him getting upset at how long I’m gone.  He accuses me of cheating daily.  He thinks every man I encounter is hitting on me, or that I want them.  He tracks my whereabouts with my phone GPS and scrutinizes the exact times I come and go with cameras on the house.  If he tries to call me at work and I am not at my desk or don’t respond to texts, he will text or call repeatedly and send increasingly more and more angry texts accusing me of not being at work (I’m in meetings constantly - many in conference rooms away from my desk, or even if the meetings are virtual I have to lead them or am paying attention and not looking at my cell).  It’s to the point now after years of this, that I get extremely anxious and agitated if I’m away from him too long or am unable to check my phone often enough because I know I’ll pay for it later.
M is for Money.  Why can't you stop thinking about this?  With everything else going on now you also have to worry about which brand of jelly at the store fits best with your new, smaller budget.  You have to announce to your extended family at holidays that your "presence will be the present" as you can't afford to shower everyone with gifts this year.  You want to create space from your ex but the money issue looms seemingly indefinitely.  Is there child support? Alimony? Joint investments that you've been unable to liquidate?  Enough already, I just want a clean cut from this person!  The summer thermostat is set at a scalding 78 degrees instead of your crisp 72.  God do you miss that joint bank account.  But staying married just for the financial security wasn't an attractive option and now it's time to prove what you're worth.  And guess what? You're worth a lot so get that hustle on and get to work cause next summer is going to be here sooner rather than later and you don't want to have to think twice next year about bargaining with your thermostat.
Date Gone WrongI was talking to a new person, and frankly dating is just so awkward for me in general. I always feel like I need to word vomit the truth. I just want to scream "I'M DIVORCED, I'M A SINGLE MOM, AND I'M TIRED!!!!" Of course in real life I try to drop this little bombs throughout the date and be positive. This person asked me "Why would you re-marry? What are you looking for in a new marriage?" And let me just tell you guys ... BRAIN FART. I just didn't even know how to answer that question. In fact, I thought to myself, what am I even doing going on a date. I actually almost cried at the table. I don't know what I want, I don't know what I'm doing, and I don't know how to act. All I was able to muster up and say was, 'thats a good question, and i need more time'. He went on to ask about what I do outside of work, and again I just fell flat on my face. Like I have a two hour commute, then I have to go take care of my child... What do you mean what else do I do? I'm just not interesting anymore, I don't have time to do the stuff I used to do in college or HS. I feel like I'm not fun, and that maybe if I manage my time a little bit better I might be able to squeeze in some gym time. But I'm taking care of a toddler on my own. Imma keep it real y'all, I cried on my drive home.
It's then that I started to finally understand what my ex-wife must have felt during our final years together. This feeling of utter hopelessness, of being trapped between being the asshole who breaks a good person's heart, and living a fake unfulfilling life, pretending to feel stuff that's not there, waking up next to a person that you don't want to be with, growing to resent that person for no other reason than your own inability to break out of the cage. I remember last year I thought my wife was exaggerating when she said she felt trapped in our marriage. "Trapped? I never held you by my side against your will!" would be my instant reply. But now I realize how you can feel trapped even next to the most understanding and open person. How you can feel like you have no choice but to get used to the idea that this will be the dull rest of your life, that you'll never get to feel real love again, that you have to suck it up and sacrifice yourself for fear of breaking the other's heart. The guilt, the self-loathing, the sleepless nights, the depression, the million questions and fears, the way your heart feels like you're single even though you're stuck in a relationship. I understand it all now. And as soon as I reached that realization, I manned up and broke up with my GF. I didn't want to live a lie, and I didn't want to make her live a lie and build her dreams on false hope. It hurt, and I feel terribly guilty and ashamed for not being able to love her the way she loved me, but this short-term pain is the price I have to pay for longer term peace.
I feel like I've won the lotteryI moved her into her new place Monday.  We're on great terms given the situation.  I really admire her strength this time around and the fact she seems to be moving forward just as fast as I am.  There's been no tears, not a cross word or loud voice (except when I had to assemble her 100 piece new office desk).  Our oldest stays here, you couldn't pay him to go.  Our youngest is a bit *too* happy to have 2 full bedrooms, each with it's own version of gaming.  She's only about 2 miles away, if there was a need we could be at each others place pretty quick.  The tension is this house this time last week was unbearable. That was the moment when I was just about to drown, and just before I finally broke the surface of the water into a bright summer sun.   Now the kids comment on how quiet and peaceful the house is, and smile all goofy-like at each other.  It reminds me of seeing those little chimps on youtube that were finally free from a lifetime of captivity and abuse when they saw the grassy field and sunshine for the first time in their lives - that was right there the whole time just on the other side of the wall.  I look out the window now and I feel so happy and alive for the first time in years.  I have the sincere sensation of a rebirth, and the feeling of 1000 lbs taken of my back.  I knew it was heavy, but I had no idea it was *that* heavy.  It's not all gone.  I lose a few lbs a day.  Every day gets lighter and lighter and brighter and brighter.
I could give more details, but I'm afraid I'll lose you if I do that, so I'll try to be to the point. I, like many others, have no clue what I wanna do with my life. I feel like I'm letting my parents down, because they have always worked hard to give me everything, and they did, and now I'm throwing it all away for absolutely no reason. And I can't bring myself to actually change. I can watch a Youtube video and be inspired for a good 3 minutes before I lie back down and do nothing. I have never been very communicative about my feelings, although I can't figure out if it is because I am scared, or just ashamed. But apples and oranges I guess. I would love to be able to talk to my mom about this but she is out of the country since my grandma is very sick, and I can't just throw more shit her way like that. That is also the same reason why I don't commit suicide, I would never be selfish like that, even though I would be lying if I said I haven't thought about it.
Is this anxiety, depression, am I bipolar or is it all three? Could it just be stress?(22F) Sometimes like today I get in this mood to where I don’t want to do anything. Like everything is getting to me at once so I’ll just lay in bed and cry about what I feel is nothing.. I feel like I’m just stressed but when it comes to planned events I end up canceling them just because I fear the interaction I’ll have to have during the event. The reason I say I believe it’s stress is because there’s too much and too little going on with me right now that I think it’s affecting not only my mental health but also my physical health. By that I mean my period hasn’t came but I keep getting negative pt’s and my last period was like 3 months ago so there’s that stressing me out but also I’m thinking it’s pcos because I have most of the symptoms just haven’t seen my doc to be diagnosed. It sucks because my husband and I have had baby fever for like a year now.  Also the house my husband and I are currently staying in is bound to burn down any second bc it’s a very very old metal trailer. I sold my vehicle so we could move or just to get this trailer out and put a new one here but nothings seems to be going our way right now and we’ve been struggling with this trailer for the past 3 years. We can’t rent anywhere bc we have a 45 lb pit bull in our family and he not the nicest pup and we don’t have any previous rent experience. I quit my job in September and I’ve only ever known housekeeping so I don’t have any other experience but I also don’t want to go back into housekeeping. I know most of the people who actually read this may think I’m just lazy and let me tell you.. you’re not wrong but man all this stuff has really been getting to me and I’m thankful I’m not in a tougher spot than I already am... I just want to know if I’m just stressed and how I can relieve it.. I also think I’m bipolar bc sometimes I just change moods so quickly but I’m a quiet person so people don’t understand I don’t want to keep on rambling but I feel like I’m starting to not make any sense... this is why I don’t reach out for help bc I don’t know how to explain how I feel and why... there’s so much more to know about my current situation.
For me, it's been almost 13 weeks since I caught my wife in the middle of an affair--with a coworker, naturally--and she went completely cold on me like none of our 4 years of marriage, and 12 years together in total, meant a goddamn thing. Almost instantly, she decided to abandon me (after a week of false hope, ya know, to keep me at bay while she consulted a lawyer). My whole life came crashing down. I hadn't had a job for years (I was a lowly house husband all of 2018), I was about to be homeless, and I didn't have enough money to fight her in court. I felt like a fucking loser. I had no idea how long this had been going on, or with whom, or why she could just switch off so easily. Until Labor Day, she hid all of this behind her crocodile smile and the same amount of affection, sex, and intimacy that she normally put out. I will never forget that cold fucking creep she turned into on the day after I caught her. And I never truly knew what shock felt like until that afternoon.
Productive day should I feel good?Fuck no you should hate yourself, go buy ciggaretes even tho you dont smoke, go sit on a bench in the nearby park alone in the dark for 2 hours and end up with a big fucking headache after. At least that s what happend to me today, its currently 1 a.m. , first time I told my current girlfriend/fuckbuddy or whatever about it and she said she belives it has to be something thats upsetting me, I explained( tried to) but still she thinks there doesnt exist such thing as sudden sadness. Went over that, on monday Im going for the first time to a psychologist, hopefully she doesnt end up just prescribing me some stuff cause Im super skeptical about them and their addictivness. These episodes do happen quite often but not always do they hit so hard, but when they do, boy does it fucking hurts. Slugish, stupid, unaware I fucking hate myself. I have the posibility to go out and meet new people but I dont like that, I can go out with old friends but it always seems like they talk too much, it always bothers me heavily that I cant interact with people properly and I fucking hate myself for that. And when I find someone I always resort on them for my wellbeing, and when they dont provide I feel like im fucking useless. This has been going since I was like 16-17, almost 21 now. Just wanted to write something cause Im feeling frustrated with how out of control I am and how many times I thought about suiciding even though I probably wont ever do it because I care more about my family then me. This turnes into a rant or whatever this is, some of you probably relate to me either way that probably wont warm me up just keep your head high and find a damn reason or a routine or something to go through your fucking days.
I’m never going to get out of this.I’m going to be depressed for the rest of my life. I’ve been depressed for half my life already, so it doesn’t seem like it’s going to end. Therapy doesn’t help. Meds don’t help. I go out and try to make friends and it leaves me feeling worse. People just don’t care. They are all happy and they don’t have to put up with me. They shouldn’t have to put up with me. I don’t see any  way for my life to get better. I just see it getting worse. All I want really is to be happy. Just to feel normal again. To feel like I’m functioning in this life. Now I just feel like I’m broken. I feel like I’m just taking up space. Nobody really wants me around. I don’t have friends. Nobody talks to me. The people I talk to just want to get away from me as fast as possible. Because I’m not worth their time. It’s an endless downward spiral. They don’t like me or talk to me because I’m depressed, I’m depressed because they don’t like or talk to me. There’s no way out. The only way is down.
I didn't do anything special. Same old shit. I even finished off a school assignment for some reason. I don't know why. Played Xbox. Went to gym. Went for a run. Talked to a few people on skype. Walked my dog. Had dinner. Dinner was weird, thinking it was my last meal. Said goodbye to my dog, told her I hoped other people would walk her when I was gone. Said goodnight to my parents for what I thought would be the last time. Hugged my grandma goodnight. Went to my room and locked the door. Decided to smoke some weed one last time. By then it was about 10:30 and I knew my parents were going to sleep at about 11:30 so I had some time to kill. Said I’ll give myself an hour to find a reason to not kill myself. Went to this subreddit. Read through all the top submissions and realised I had never tried to fight this. I had only accepted it as inevitable just a question of when. It helped that I was high as fuck but my inner monologue told me I was weak for choosing the easy way out and not giving fighting my depression a serious effort. Took 3 sleeping pills (my usual dose) and passed out.
ever since I was young I remember being attracted to boys, just couldn't put a label on it for the longest time, only recently did I realize I was gay. Gay, the one word no parent wants to hear from their son, I haven't come out to my dad and it eats away at me how I am going to have a life when I'm older, I have a lot of family issues and have cut my wrists for years now, only recently was I admitted to therapy and after spilling my guts to my therapist she sent me the psych ward and I almost had to stay overnight on suicide watch, since then I was diagnosed with depression and I can't find ways to be happy anymore, I know it will hurt my family if I do it but I just can't see a future for myself, my grades are horrible compared to my straight A national honors society brother, I have an 8% in math and 4 other F's. if I fail my dad will see me as a fuck up and I don't know how much longer that will last. Because of my sexuality, grades, and degrading comments from close family I'm not sure what I'm gonna do and have come very close to suicide only to be talked out of it by friends. I need advice or just a hug anything I'll take. thanks for reading.
I am mainly using Reddit to add value/provide advice for people experiencing high stress (I am a life coach in training- specialising in stress management) and to help people develop tools to reduce overwhelm so they can have the time and energy to do the things that are important to them! At the moment I am looking to do some short market research interviews to help me with an upcoming programme I am creating on stress management. By any chance do you think your girlfriend would be interested in skyping with me for 15 minutes and answer some of my questions around stress? In exchange, I would be more than happy to offer her a FREE (no pitch) 20 minute coaching session to really help her hone in on some techniques she might not have covered in traditional therapy. I have a number of tools which I can teach depending on what would be most beneficial to her personal situation. I look forward to hearing from you! Savanna You can find me on IG or FB as Wellbeing Empoweress :)
After the age of 17, I began watching YouTube videos and reading about other people who overcame struggles, etc. I became really interested in personal development and things of this sort. After this, I started to realize that I actually have a very good life and began to feel very grateful. I got interested in entrepreneurship and began social media marketing, etc. The things I did earlier did not even cross my mind. However, somehow I reflected on my teenage years after watching a movie. This is when the gravity of all my mistakes entered my mind. Now I am depressed and filled with extreme guilt. I cannot sleep, eat, talk to others properly, do college work, etc. Looking back, it almost seems like I was possessed by an evil spirit or something when I made these mistakes. I get freaked out just thinking of these mistake and I would never do them now. Those sexual thoughts would never even cross my mind now but somehow I did these mistakes earlier. It almost feels like an entirely different person did that and I cannot even comprehend now how I did those disgusting things. Looking back, it seems like my life was actually decent and I still cannot wrap my head around what led me to do those things. Currently, I feel very depressed with guilt. I honestly feel like the only time I was ever happy was until the age of 10. I was depressed with inferiority complex throughout my teen years and now I am depressed again with guilt. It feels like I have already failed in life before I even started. Everyone is always happy about their teenage years but I have completely lost those golden years. I am starting my adult life and I am beginning that with guilt as well. My family and relatives usually comment on how good of a kid I am. But, I feel like the biggest loser in the world. I hear stories about people who had difficult teen years and they went on to achieve great things. I am thinking now that I could have achieved great things using the difficulties faced during my teen years, but instead I made those very stupid mistakes. I just do not know if I had some sort of mental illness at that time or something but those mistakes are eating me alive. Furthermore, I now have started thinking about what a terrible father I will be if one day I have kids. How would I even raise them correctly after these wrongdoings. I am just fed up and cannot act normally. I feel like the biggest loser and I feel like I have already failed in life before even starting. I have betrayed myself, my family, and my relatives. I cannot discuss any of this with my family because we are from a conservative culture background(India) and they would never understand. Hence, I have decided to post here. Sorry for the long post. I am completely lost with my life and any advice would help.
Fuck I’m a little shitI’m a bad person. I’m shitty. I’m no good. No one ever gave a real fuck about me and there’s a reason why. It’s because I’m not worth it. If I disappeared most people wouldn’t notice and the ones that did wouldn’t feel too bad about it. Even if someone did mourn they’d get over it pretty easy. I’ve never contributed one fucking thing to society, not one. I’m a lazy piece of trash with no redeeming fucking qualities. Most people don’t view me as a friend, I’m nothing more than entertainment to them. The people who left had good reason to. Instead of facing my problems like a real man I take drugs to try and forget. I was born with every advantage and I’ve still fucked it up. I have no future at all. The world would be better off if I no longer existed. Maybe I’m just an attention seeking asshole. Everyone who I ever considered close isn’t around anymore. The common factor is me. They aren’t around because I’m a shitty fucking prick. I have no right being alive
It's my birthday and I'm aloneTomorrow is my birthday. My first birthday without him. My mom keeps telling me I had 20 birthdays before him and I'll be fine. I know I will. It's been a month. I've been staying at my mother's for emotional support and because the memories at my place were hurting too much. Today I came back. For good. It's my place, it was mine before him and it will be mine for a long while. I'm having some friends over for dinner tomorrow, to celebrate my birthday. They all knew and loved him. I don't want the topic of the night to be the separation, I want to talk about other stuff, and I think they'll be supportive of it. And then, on Sunday, I'm going out for dinner with my family. I have plenty of people around me who love me and want to help me feel better, yet I feel alone. I miss touch, platonic touch. Hugs and cuddles. Cuddling in bed. My cat is currently mad at me for staying away for a month, so I think it'll be a while until he cuddles me. I just feel alone and empty, like I'm running on autopilot.
He used to spend at least 3 days a week with me and was so affectionate, as I live close to his work, but then that whittled down and so did the texts etc. He’s on medication but doesn’t feel it’s working and he was seeing a cognitive behavioral therapist like once every few months. I go to talk therapy myself every two weeks (he won’t go with me) and am on medication but I feel inept and horrible because I can’t relate to him anymore. I’ve been really sick this past week (for like the second time this year) with a cold and he never offered to come by or anything (nor did he the last time) and I just feel like an idiot for holding on. He keeps asking me to be patient and apologizes for how neglectful he’s been and just makes empty promises with no actions. I know I sound like a jerk. I just don’t know if it is best for the both of us for me to end communication and the relationship all together. I just feel like I don’t have a partner and although he says he loves me, he doesn’t seem interested in us. Any advice? Do I just tell him I love him and wish him the best and just end it? Or do I give him passses and not expect him to be a partner right now?
Too much Therapy a bad thing?Since I was released from a secure ward I have been attending an intensive out patient program four days a week for four hours on top of this there has been therapy appointments - explanations NG how shit my life has been since I was a kid to now. Re hashing living with a abusing husband my years of alcoholism and self harm and more. This again was explained to me Med nurse apart from this all being detailed in my intake. Fist therapist was into exposure therapy - no thanks I have nightmare on a daily basis I dont  need anymore exposure. I found another therapist spent another hour explain my life and crippling anxiety and depression. Had to find a DBT therapist as outpatient program is finishing up and again after filling out all the paperwork there I sat exaplaing my life up to my hospitalization again. Fuck me. I'm exhausted. Maybe I need to make a power point presentation of my life. I'm feel like is this therapy all worth it. Thanks for letting me rant been along day.
The pain won’t go awayOn the 29th this month it will be the forth month without my best friend, my boyfriend. I still can’t believe he’s dead. The pain has constantly been keeping me up at night. It’s 5:20am right now as I am writing this. I can never sleep, he’s always on my mind. The emotional pain hurts more than everything. I’ve been self harming a lot recently on my wrists, and that doesn’t even hurt me at all anymore. My mind is too busy on this death. Losing him. He was only 16, even if we didn’t grow old together and get married it hurts to know that he passed away so young. Everyday i’d wake up and he would be there for me. My life had a purpose, now I wake up to nothing at all. No messages from anyone, no calls or missed calls. Nothing. My life has no purpose anymore, no one wants me here, no one cares about me. I wake up and no one talks to me. Not even my own mother. I stay in my room all day overthinking everything and then go to sleep.. wake up and it’s exactly like the previous. I can’t take this anymore.
This is the part of the letter that I was dreading the most, but it’s unavoidable. I do have to let you know that what you did wasn’t very nice. I was up in the air about this, like reprimanding a puppy who has just pissed on the carpet, I realize you didn’t know better, but we can’t have you making accidents on our metaphorical carpet again now can we? Dude, you took advantage of a girl who was unsure about her relationship, and unsure of herself. A Harvey Weinstein that does not make, but it is a bad look, preying on people who are struggling emotionally. If I remember correctly that’s not an \[corporate bank\] value. I get it, hijacking a struggling relationship is so much easier than forging a new one, but you shouldn’t do it. I can’t fully blame you for taking a shortcut here, you’re a pudgy home loan officer who works at a bank. The greatest struggle you have in your life has to be finding new belts to match your big boy suits after you stretch out the one mom got you for Christmas last year. So yea it makes sense that you only fucked around. Clearly as someone who’s going to live out the rest of their miserable life rotting away behind a desk pretending that his hobby as musician would just take off, you will fail to understand why. It’s because of your lack of commitment you 2 chromosome missing fuck. You wouldn’t understand what it’s like to care for someone for over 6 years. You wouldn’t understand what it’s like to sit in a waiting room for 10 hours as your wife is undergoing her 4th surgery to alleviate a problem without a cure. No, but you do know what it’s like to find someone whose self-esteem is at an all-time low and exploit it because getting on a treadmill and developing an interesting personality is too hard. I hope that every happy couple you help secure a mortgage for in the future is a reminder of how much a coward you really are. And if that doesn’t work, I usually take strolls down \[insert street\] so maybe we can get a coffee. I’ll even buy because I’d like to make sure you never forget what a waste of carbon you are. Will you die alone, probably not, but the small oh shit moment you felt when you saw this in your inbox is something that will help me sleep at night.
I’d socialise as much as possible, wanting to make new friends all the time. Friends I could party with and meet more women. Women were my unconcious focus. I proclaimed I didn’t want a relationship or to date - I was happy by myself, concentrating on my goals and my own happiness. Despite all this I continued the unrelenting search to meet women. Tinder, bumble, Plenty of Fish, OkCupid, Match.com were all downloaded, profiles filled out swiping underway. Matching with someone new rushed my body with a feeling of worthiness and desirability. The more girls I had to talk to, the more I felt I’d conquered this breakup. The knockbacks piled atop my already broken heart and began weighing me further down. I was interested in sexual excitement and nothing more. Looking deep within I now know I was scared about connecting with another and being rejected again. I couldn’t take the pain, so rather than allow the future to unfold, I tried playing God and dictated every interaction in a negative way. Once I’d got my fill with these girls I discarded them. Why would someone suffering so much internal pain choose to inflict that on another? Further reflection has taught me that the only way to connect with someone is to connect with yourself. If you hate everything you stand for and frequently try changing who you are within, how can you expect another to love you on a spiritual level?! We know, now that plenty of relationships are made up of this type of love. Two empty people coming together in the hopes of finding happiness in the world. This works temporarily but soon wears off and gives way to nothingness. Resentment, anger, frustration, contempt, anxiety, depression and insecurity - insecurity being a driver for infidelity.
How do I do this without traumatizing my kids?I have been in an increasingly toxic/abusive relationship for the past 7 years. Married two years ago. This is my (32f) second marriage, my first was when I was 18, fell in love, had two kids, then one day he up and left with someone else. I vowed not to be that single mom who dates around. A few years later, I finally went on a date, met my now husband (49m). We had a baby (now 5).Things were great at first, but his true colors started showing. Now I’m in a situation where I’m scared to leave but know it’s best, I am embarrassed as well. I bought a storage shed, which I plan to fill with things to move into our own place in 6 months. I know that I won’t be able to have a conversation with the kids and him, I fear for my safety to tell him the day I file divorce. How and when do I tell the kids to ease the transition the best way possible? My oldest will be relieved I can almost guarantee because my husband is always picking fights with him... my other two will be upset...they have lived a pretty comfy life and only see the good in everyone. I know my STBXH will make me look like the bad guy since I will be leaving him... the kids have kept me here and I know now it’s better for them for me to leave, but I just want to be sure I am setting them up for this the right way
Monday Support GroupI went to a a support group on Monday, its a support group I go to when Im feeling more down than usual and I just didnt get to speak my mind. This group is much smaller than the group I usually go to which is nice because you feel like you actually get a chance to talk.There was one person who took up the majority of the time which I didnt think was cool because theres a whole group of people that want to speak Im sure. They always ask if theres anyone who needs to go first which is nice, but I always pass on this. Although I may not be in crisis a lot, I sometimes have several questions to ask the group, bringing up multiple topics. I let those people who might be in crisis first. I see this happen a lot where someone takes up a handful of time with hosts who are relatively new at directing. Im pretty patient but it can be frustrating to wait an hour and a half to speak with five minutes left before we are scheduled to get out.  Sometimes I feel like Im just wasting my time. I have been going to support groups for a long time and a lot of the time what we say we repeat a lot. It can get boring.
Hatred and wanting to hurt othersAs of recently I've felt this deep resentment, and hatred towards many of the people I know. It feels as if everyone turned on me at one point or another lately, whether it be those who I once called my friends hiding things from me, and telling me lies, or my girlfriend keeping things hidden from me, and not wanting to be intimate with me, by saying things such as "Stop calling me babe" or just being angry and not responding. I feel as if society as a whole has rejected me, shunned me for being myself, shunned me for doing what I think is right. It makes me angry, it makes me hate society, it makes me feel as if I'm a violent person at heart, only being able to take out his rage by punching a punching bag or stabbing a knife into an apple many times. Yet it saddens me how those who I know so closely can change up on me, lie to me, and hide things from me. My girlfriend not wanting to talk to me hurts me the most, as I see her getting flowers from some other guy, and not really responding anymore. Even when I tried to be intimate, she just told me to stop, and I didn't even know why. It hurt me, greatly, as I felt worthless, like I was nothing to her anymore, like I wasn't the same guy she knew a few months ago. Every day seems to be just as painful as the last, barely any good coming out of each day, and everyone handing me crap each day. All I feel much anymore is sadness and anger towards those who have rejected, and shunned me. I feel hurt, I want to hurt myself, it all feels bottled up within be, without much relief to vent it out anymore.
My mom is a hardcore Christian and everything good that ever happens was because of God and naturally, she made our family (mother, father, myself) go to church. I started going when I was around 6 years old, so it's pretty much ingrained in my brain. Before she "found god" and shit, she was beating me up with a stick for not playing the piano exactly how she wanted me to even though she has never played it before. She and my father were also yelling at each other all the time but that was mostly because of my dad. My father also never gave a shit about me being beat up because he was probably too busy watching porn in his room. Everytime I was feeling down or whatever I used to tell my mom and she said that she would pray for me. I mean thanks for caring I guess but that doesn't solve anything. Whenever I was sick and wanted to stay home from school she would just tell me that it was my fault that I was sick and make me feel extremely guilty for wanting to stay home.
Navy and college stuffSo this might go over a lot of people's heads; this first part anyway,  but I'm in the Navy and I basically got told I'm getting a P eval which is not a good eval for a promotion. I suppose in the grand scheme of things it means nothing, I plan on getting out of the navy. It's just made me think about myself though. I feel like I work really hard but now that this outline of me has been created it makes me think that I can't cut it in the outside world. I'm studying a lot of math right npw taking calc 3 and physics 1 most people would say that's impressive but I feel like it's fake because I'm going to an online school. This all leads up to me transferring schools to a nice brick and mortar university where I can study electrical engineering, because I like my job as an electrical aviation tech. That eval makes me think that I can't make it in the real world and that I really don't work hard. I feel like I work hard though am I right in that I'm just lying to myself? Is all of this college just a facade? I took 12 classes last year and I feel like that's a proud accomplishment something a lot of people wouldn't normally be able to do but in the Navy's eyes its almost worthless?
I've been depressed my whole life my mother abused me to hell and back I got bullied alot growing up by other kids and if I get stressed enough i hallucinate like crazy and recently I developed a skin issue that I can't even afford to get checked out. Whenever its too hot or I wear clothes too tight my skin freaks out and it's extremely painful. My first two girlfriend's also abused the fuck out of me. Then i met a girl. We dated for a long while but she wasn't happy for most of it which i don't blame her. All of my past made me insufferable. I still talk to her and for the past two years she's been all i had. She has no desire to be with rhe current me romantically because my personality is complete ass to be honest. She even has a new guy sshe likes which isn't easy for me to handle either. My dog might also have to be put down tomorrow. Recently I attempted suciide for the 4th time but started hallucinating and heard her crying and yelling at me thar I said id atleast try to feel better instead of giving up and that did stop me then from me drowning myself. But then after she found out she made me promise never again ever and I did. I wish i didn't though. Part of me wants to try and thinks truly maybe if I get better I can stop loving her or maybe there's a small chance i could get her back. I don't want anyone else but I'm really young so maybe I'm just dumb. I'm 19. Shes done so much for me and I don't think anyone else is ever going to compare to what she's done for me. I tried to leave when she said she wasn't going to pursue me romantically atleast current time. Which I'm assuming means things can change but anyways she said she didn't want me to leave and it would be sad if I could only see her romantically but not as a friend so I agreed not to. Tonight I was like wow I did alot today i made a great start and as soon as it hit 12 it just hit me like a truck. How could I ever change, how could anyone want me, why am I trying, do I really think things will ever get better. I started hallucinating again this time my hanging body and I looked so peaceful. I just don't know what to do. I'm moving to New York in august near her about 20 minutes away. Do I keep trying or do i give up I just can't decide.
I Kissed a Mormon MissionaryWell, technically, he kissed me. This was two weeks ago. Now here I am, sleep deprived and crying because he’s leaving in a few days. We’ve grown really close in the past month, and neither of us expected to fall for the other. I’m not a Mormon, and he doesn’t expect me to convert. He wants to be with me, and has even admitted that he’s never wanted that before with anyone. Yes, he’s had girlfriends over the years, but he hasn’t wanted to settle down with anyone until now. Until me. I just came out of a bad marriage, a marriage that I gave everything to, and I’m scared of getting hurt again. He’s still got another year and a half left on his mission, so I know that even though we have feelings for each other, we’d be apart for a long time, and a lot can change in a year. I didn’t think it would come to this. I didn’t think I’d fall this hard for him, despite being instantly attracted to him. God, he just makes me feel so good! So special. So wanted. Exactly how I didn’t feel when my husband cheated on me with multiple women and decided that kiddie porn was a better alternative to sleeping with his own wife. I don’t know what to call our relationship (Friendship? Fling?), but what I do know is that I don’t want it to end.
Divorce is the end of a life shared by two people (and potentially their children). In many cases the death seems to occur more fully in one partner than the other. In my case for example, my ex was the one who pushed all the buttons and pulled away, and although I was the one who ultimately made the decision to end things, she was the one who for one reason or another no longer wanted to be with me. While we were married I felt that I was my best self. I loved being a husband and a father, I eagerly anticipated my wife walking in the door from work so that I could share with her the events of my day. I loved to feel needed, I loved playing with her hair until she fell asleep, cooking her dinner, massaging her back when she was sore, holding her when she cried. I was being my fullest and most true self, and I have never been more content in life than I was with her. She, on the other hand and after the fact, said that she was miserable in those times. I was a homebody, she felt trapped, there was something else that she wanted that I hadn't given her. So, she pulled away, ultimately had an affair and drove me to the point where choosing to stay was compromising the heart of who I am, fundamentally, as a person and would have blackened my soul in ways I would never accept. She moved on IMMEDIATELY. our divorce was finalized last month, next month she is moving in with her affair partner (new boyfriend is probably a more appropriate term, but whatever.), they are expecting, and overall she is alive and well.
I met my husband at 19 when we were both on very dark times in our lives, we worked at the same place and once we started hanging out we were together almost none stop. It was nice to find someone who understood the shit I was going through and was also super attractive. After 4 months of dating, due to not great circumstances, we moved in together. I’m his first relationship ever, he had a couple other sexual partners but never dated. We dated for 5 years before we got married. At 19, he expressed a desire to have other sexual relationships, I was so scared to lose him and seem boring that I decided that someday I could try to do that. As our relationship went on, it never stopped getting brought up. I would try to brush it off, try to just say it was a fun fantasy but maybe not so much fun to actually do. He just seemed really unhappy about it though and would get anger or upset when I wanted to back out. I tried to say multiple times “if you want a life of freedom to do that and independence than take it, I know what I want and it’s not that”.. but it’s like he was to afraid to leave me and I was to afraid to leave him. I knew what I wanted, monogamy, a family, a pretty traditional life.. I always thought, “he’s not going to be happy until we do this, I’m not going to get what I want until this phase of our lives is over”.. right after we got married everything was great, we were in a honeymoon stage, we couldn’t get enough of each other. Around summer everything changed, he became irritable, closed off, just all around grumpy. If he said jump, I asked how high. I wanted more than anything to make him happy. We started experimenting in the bedroom, which seemed to be okay for a little while until finally he brought up being in an open relationship again. I craved, I said fuck it. If that’s what’s going to make you happy then we are going to do it. I’ve been sexually Assaulted on two different occasions so needless to say, I was scared to have sex with someone I did not trust... I tried to express that to him, which at first he seemed understand, we tried to make rules that we were okay with, blah blah blah.... it all backfired so bad... he found it was harder to get this started than he expected. I ripped the bandaid off and slept with someone first, not behind his back, I did not sneak around, I asked and he discussed, he seemed okay with it but uncomfortable, it was our first situation like this so I thought maybe it’s normal for us to both feel that way? Well it happened, I wasn’t even gone for an hour, I came home and just felt horrible about what I did.. and he was mad...
Trying to let goSo my wife and I hadn’t been the happiest we could be for a while. We’ve been married for 2 years, together for 4. We’re both 26. We had some sexuality differences and differing life goals. Well on march 8th, we decided to call it quits instead of dragging it on and ending up hating each other. Well 10 days later, we were still living together, she was at work, I got wasted and ended up cheating on her. It was stupid and I regret every minute of it. Well I moved out two days later. Then 2 days after that, she goes out with some friends then texts me in the middle of the night asking if she can come to my new place because she locked herself out of the house. I said sure. Well we ended up spending the next 3 nights together. We talked about what I did and she forgave me for it, but we still wanted to separate. Well my last day home from work, she starts talking to a guy (45yo) that she had a relationship with previously. Now 2 weeks later, she tells me that she told our son (my stepson) about the separation. We agreed to tell him together when I get home from work in a few days. Needless to say I was fucking livid. That’s a big bomb to drop on a seven year old kid and I would have liked to have been there to console him. What was her reason? Because her new man had been to her house and met my son. Granted she didn’t introduce him as her boyfriend, but we had agreed not to let the kids meet anyone else until they knew about the separation. I guess I just feel like she’s moving on way too fast and it’s all just so much to deal with. I hate her right now and I don’t want to. I just can’t help it. I guess I’m just looking for some guidance.
I walked out 365 days ago today ! And couldn't be happier! :)Well not exactly, completely happier.. Hes still super bitter, and irrational.  But I have found an awesome awesome guy, who loves me like crazy ! And is great with my 12 year old ! I could not as for more. So long story short, I never ever thought I'd be able to get away from ex. I just assumed I'd live that life forever. We had been together on and off for 12 years. I met him when I was 16 and he was 25 ! Yes. I did just say that. 🙄 Gross! He molded me, manipulated me and did some horrible things. He literally made me feel like I was legit crazy, something wrong with me. Nope, not so much.!! It was him. Hes the most narcissistic person I have ever met! Point of the story, if anyone feels like they are stuck, or wont find anyone else, NEVER BELIEVE THAT! You deserve better and will be soo glad ya walked away. I'm actually enjoy time with my significant other and I enjoy life, and I will be damned if any man, or woman really will ever make me feel any less again! Divorce can be a great thing !!! And I'm so glad I did !
Saying Thank You to my ExWhen I changed my mindset to one of gratitude toward my ex, it changed everything. Instead of anger, animosity, disgust, etc., I decided to thank him for helping me avoid years of unhappiness and to realize what I really deserve in a relationship. I didn’t thank him face to face, but in my heart I chose to see his infidelity as a gift. I am 7 years post-divorce and in one of the best relationships of my life (5 years and counting). I may have never left an unhappy marriage if my ex hadn’t made the choices he made. It was a tipping point and as painful as it was, I am truly grateful. I would have stayed in an unhappy marriage and that would have been the example I set for my child of what marriage is. I am so glad that didn’t happen. Instead, I show my kiddo everyday what it means to be polite and respectful to her dad and what a truly loving relationship looks like with my current SO. I hope this advice helps someone. It isn’t easy, but it is so freeing.
Does anyone feel this way with suicide? For years I’ve felt like I was never meant to make it to old age and it honestly never bothered me, it just felt like it was in my fate for something to happen to me. But I was also raised religiously and tbh the fear of hell is the reason I’m still here today. But anyway, things have only gotten tougher and I’ve considered ending it, but that fear is still there. At the same time, for once it feels like nothing could be worse than this. But each day, I try to tell myself ‘okay... you don’t have to commit to living forever. If things get so so so bad, you can end it if you need to. But just try for today.’ Does anyone else do this? Like basically reassuring yourself that suicide is always an option if absolutely necessary and I’m not stuck here if I just can’t take it anymore. I try to push myself everyday, but I also keep that in the back of my mind as a form of comfort. It’s basically like I’m treating suicide as my safety net for if things just get too much, and I get too scared, and I just can’t handle it anymore, and if I just absolutely need to go home.
This is rambling and stupid. I'm delirious and barely got any sleep. But I wish I could just feel better. My anxiety meds aren't helping. I want to work on my writing and focus on the ego rush I get from positive feedback. But I just feel like I'm constantly taking up space, like I'm forcing myself into places where I'm not truly invited. I feel like I'm pushing things that no one else wants. It didn't seem like that at first, but now I'm just lingering on the outside, and my efforts to get back in feel pathetic. I don't know how after 33 years I can still always end up the odd man out, every time. At this point, I'm still not sure if this is all my own fault. How much am I reading into things just because one legit thing made me feel like shit? Am I self-sabotaging and pulling away? Am I really annoying and exhausting, or am I just projecting my fear onto everyone else and taking things personally that have nothing to do with me? Or am I ruining friendships in other ways, and I'm doomed no matter what? It could be a mix of those things. I know the way I'm feeling is valid in the sense that there was definitely something unkind happening, though I don't think it was intentional. But why am I an after thought again? Why can't I just find my place and be happy? I guess because "happy" doesn't exist for people who spend every moment of said happiness dreading the moment when it ends.
On the verge of k*lling myself (again)Who knew college could make me feel so depressed and useless. I've been here before and I feel like shit knowing that my mental health has barely improved. I'm scared that I might fail this class for a second time, even though I'm trying as hard as I fucking can and it's still not enough. I'm comparing myself to my father and his successes again and it makes me feel worse, I'm such a failure. I know I shouldn't compare myself but I still do it. I plan on taking as much Tylenol as I can and downing Nyquil next week and hoping I overdose since I've heard that both contain acetaminophen, but I'd have to wait to do it when I'm home alone. I want to talk to my dad about this since he's the only one that knows about my depression and he's understanding but I don't want to worry and I'm too prideful and embarrassed to go to therapy again because I know if I tell him, he'll make me see my therapist again. I'm also scared of surviving an overdose and having to get my stomach pumped (which I've heard is a horrible experience) and ending up brain-dead, but I'll see what happens. I don't even have a letter written because I deleted it since I thought I'd never be here again, so now I'm fucked.
Two years ago I (now 29F) was out of the blue handed separation papers from my husband (now 30m)... this led to one of the worst times of my life. I found out he was having an affair. Was taking our 3 children to her house and telling them not to tell me or they'd get in trouble. His behavior toward me changed dramatically. He became extremely abusive and the police were called to our home. (He was forcing me to move out but at the time I had nowhere to go, I had no money on my own.) Two long days later he's charged with a domestic violence charge, and I get granted a temporary protective order. We get to court, judge drops it because he's calm in court but warns him if he even touches me he will go to jail. Eventually he pleads guilty to his charge and gets a year probation. We go to court again. He wants full custody. Drags me through the mud. Judge said no way and gave us a 50/50 split. He's still with the woman he has an affair with. I ask for 6 months of no paramours around the children because he wanted to move her in immediately and I believed the kids needed some healing time. Judge agrees and adds it. He's livid. In the 6 month period he gets her pregnant. We go back to court again after the 6 months.  He again asks for full custody. Judge denies and keeps it at 50/50 because it's working for the kids. The other woman however we find out after court had moved in about a month before the 6 month period had ended. He told the kids, again, to lie to me or they'd be in trouble. Some time passes, I meet an amazing man. We were good friends first, then decided to try dating. Dating is perfect. I introduce him to the kids. The kids adore him, he adores the kids. It's going nearly perfect. Except my ex is flipping out because how dare I move on. How dare I involve him with the kids. I don't deserve to move on he claims. More time passes. We move in together. Kids have their own rooms. They love it here! My divorce finally becomes final. Ex gets married the very next day after we are granted the divorce. The next day after that he files a show cause because I moved in with boyfriend. He wants full custody again. My youngest then tells my mother that some strange things have been going on with daddy and she doesn't think it's right. Daddy tells her not to trust mommy's boyfriend because he's going to hurt them and touch them in the no no places. This goes on. More and more of these comments are revealed that my ex is telling them my boyfriend is going to hurt them. We go for our pre-trial for the show cause, it's granted to move forward. Date is set. Not a week later I get a call from cps that they need to investigate an allegation that my boyfriend touched my oldest. We do the interview, cps clears him completely. It's obvious he hasn't done anything because he's never left alone with the kids. I'm in charge of baths, etc. However, the cps worker thinks she has been abused, but she was coached to say it was my boyfriend. They seem to think it was my ex or my ex's father or my ex knows it's his father and he's covering it up. So now they are investigating his family instead. We are waiting for the results and What is uncovered.
I attend a Christian boarding school and I've been getting touched and forced to do things I don't want to do by one of the priests. It happens about 2-3 times a week and sometimes more. I can't handle it anymore. I'm just so tired of fighting. I'm a pathetic loser. I'm using the library computer right now and I'm not sure if I'm posting in the right place but I just need to get it out there. He is a monster. He ruined my life. It all started with him simply hugging me too tight, then it was rubbing my thigh in a weird way. And one day he asked me to go to his room so we can go over some preparations for a ceremony we had. I don't remember most of that day I just remember passing out and then waking up with my pants around my ankles and him behind me and feeling this awful pain. He told me that if I tell anyone he'd kill me, and that I'm special. I sat on the roof for hours crying that night. Then I went back to my bunk and tried to sleep. I thought it was the end but it wasn't. It keeps happening and happening and it never ends. I'm losing focus in school, I don't eat anymore. I ignore everyone and no one cares. He makes me go to the dark room with him every few days to "help" him and if I don't he gets mad, I tried not going once and I got f*cked with a cross for it. I couldn't walk straight for a week. Last night was one of the worst nights to date. It was awful. He made me realize how much of a worthless piece of filth I am. Which is why I'm writing this. I'm just done. I'm crying and It hurts that this is what it has come to. I wish someone had saved me. But everyone just stands there and watches, it's so obvious that they know what he does. But nothing. Nothing has changed. I get it now. I just don't deserve to be saved, and I get that now. my name is Matthew and Im 16.
I don't know what to do.So, I have these sudden nights where thoughts drown my brain to the point where I absolutely freak out. I'm used to caging my feelings, so that could grandly affect the way I am. Tonight is one of those nights, the main thing that repeats in my head is "I want to die". I don't even want to kill myself, but I keep telling myself I want to die and it's honestly the worst shit. I've been writing my thoughts before I sleep which sometimes helps. I want to know what happiness is, I forgot a long time ago. I just want to feel good but I don't know how. Spending time with people makes me more depressed, I feel like my family has the idea I hate them. I don't though, I just get really depressed when not alone which leads to me not liking my friends anymore. They annoy me, and I feel bad because they're great people. I just am lost. Sorry for the rambling. I don't know what to add, just thought I'd try saying something this time.
after awhile I said I don't care about the PO you can try and get it and good luck. She then came back and said she misses the kids and wants extra time with them. I told her the current custody is what we agreed and I am not changing it. I will agree to what we currently have and if you want an extra day here and there with the kids just ask and I will oblige as long as I don't have plans with the kids already, it is not an issue. She came back and said why can't I just agree to her having them 4 days a week and if I want them extra time she will let me.......The "New Dawn" hits me, again this is about Money as she wants the papers to show she has 60/40 instead of 50/50 so she can request more money. I told her I would think about changing the schedule if it was still 50/50. Then the manipulation came, "I will think about reconciling if you give me the extra day" The old me of 6 months ago probably would have been like "okay! I will do anything for you." But, the new me was not having it. I miss my kids just as much as her and I have never asked her to give up time with them ever, I never used my kids to negotiate terms of a divorce and I never filed a protection order to try and gain leverage. I am talking with my lawyer on how to make it so she has to pay for the entire evaluation....She can't say I abused her or she is afraid of me because She came out with me and the kids just two days ago.
So, I decided to not sit around the house this weekend, and I went out to the bars with some friends Saturday night. We had a really good time. It was nice to feel "normal" again for a while. At one point in the evening, we ran into my STBXH's best friend, who was also the "maid of honor/best woman" at our wedding. She and I have always gotten along pretty well, and unlike most of my STBXH's friends, she really knows him. (A lot of our friends think my STBXH walks on water.) When she saw me, she gave me a big hug and started to cry a little, telling me how sorry she was and how much she loved me. I was really touched - this was the first time that someone who was one of "his" or "our" friends really said something nice to me that I believed. She then asked if she could talk to me for a minute, and I said sure, so we went to a booth in the bar and she asked me how I was doing, how my new job was, how the dog was, etc. And then she brought up my STBXH. She tells me that he's regretting what he's done, that he thinks he's made a mistake and doesn't really want to get divorced. Ugh. I mentioned that I was getting that feeling as well, (which I partially covered in a previous post) but that he hadn't said anything to me about it, and that we were supposed to have met up to talk about dividing things up, but that he had put it off twice now. She knew about that and said that my STBXH was afraid to face me after everything he had done. She tried to convince me to bring the subject of reconciliation with him. I trust her; she's an honest, zero drama person and I've known her for just as long as my STBXH; she was there the night we met. I told her I would think about it.
What in the actual fyckOkay 8 years and honestly at this point im only thinking about my one child I can protect    my wife soon to be ex wife we are done she stole.my w2s filed my taxes stole the vehicles and on and on.  She refuses to not have my child around a convicted felon who lost his child due to his own neglecting self.  I got my daughter back the other day after I have her to her mother cause I don't want her to not see her sister and mother. To my surprise she still refuses to not have my child around garbage like this and won't tell me where my child sleeps at night and if it is the same bed every night.   My step daughter I don't have rights to I'm assuming who I raised from a baby and haven't spoken to in monthssss my heart hurts for my kids and I'm compelelty at a loss of how someone could put another in a position I was in.   Even throughout all this I could never imagine putting the mother of my kids in a position where she couldn't provide for our kids. But she did it so easily it dumbfounded me.   Guess some people truly are garbage.  Rant vent whatever
First time reaching outHi, this is my first time reaching out or even talking to anyone about my mental health issues, but I know that if I keep heading the way that I am, I will end up dead within a year. I'm posting this on my main, for accountability, so if anyone I know in real life sees this, I'm sorry for not being brave enough to reach out to you. I'm a 19 year old guy in college studying Computer Science, but I am, in a very real way, fucking my life up quite badly. My depression and social anxiety have been ramping up over the past few years, and they have been very detrimental to my overall well-being and success. Recently, I stayed home from a test because I didn't want to deal with people, my depression makes it very hard to focus on things and this leads to me procrastinating, having very low interest in schoolwork or anything. I love playing video games but recently I've been playing way less frequently, because I just can't seem to focus on them. I have always had a good home life, but certain things my parents have said to me really hurt when I think back on them. I've smoked marijuana for a few years because it seemed like it helped at first, now it just makes me feel good, but not happy. I also have a really bad habit that I know is not helping a damn thing. Whenever I get upset and want to just detach from the world, I take well over 4 times the recommended amount of a certain OTC drug (not comfortable saying exactly what it was, but it makes you drowsy) to force myself to fall asleep for 6-8 hours. My parents think that I just like to sleep a lot but its honestly just another escape like video games used to be. I honestly just don't know what to do, I feel like I don't have a clear idea of how to even get started on fixing myself or my life, I don't have a drivers license so I can't do a lot of stuff without informing other people, and I don't have a job. It makes me feel very claustrophobic, not having a lot of room to change where my life is going. Any help, advice, wise words, or wake up calls are all welcome. Thanks.
I actually don’t believe he’s addicted to porn, as he doesn’t view it all that regularly, usually in bursts every couple months, from what I can see. He just drops to 1 time a week during those periods. Maybe he’s just gotten better at hiding, who even knows at this point. I honestly believe that there’s a deeper reason for our issues but I can’t fix them if he’s not willing to have an open and honest discussion with me about what he’s feeling. I’ve asked if it’s my appearance, he says no and I’m inclined to believe him given how much *he* seems to really enjoy when we do have sex, and beyond that I can’t think of any other obvious reasons for this. I’ve asked, I’ve begged, and I always get the simple “I don’t know”. That’s his go to answer in any discussion. He doesn’t know why he does anything he does, ever. But somehow he’s still always sorry. I love this man so much. He is my best friend, and he’s been my best friend from when we were barely getting through puberty. We have a beautiful child together and a really happy life on the surface, but this is absolutely killing me and I know that at my age, I shouldn’t be feeling this worthless and disgusting. I should have a husband who cares about my body and my orgasms. I *know* there are people out there who would truly want me. I don’t want any of them anytime soon because my heart is still with my husband, but I can’t do this for the next 50+ years. I’ve tried marriage counseling when things first got really bad, but that didn’t really go anywhere. I don’t hate porn as a whole, I’m not a prude, and I really just want a decent sexual partner who doesn’t lie to my face and hide things from me.
I just want this feeling to end.I don’t know why I’m so depressed, I have an idealistic great life with a few great friends but everyday I still long for something I will never have and I will never know what that something is. I often feel alone while surrounded by people and loved ones and I just don’t want to feel that way anymore, but no matter how hard I try I still can’t seem to shake the feeling. I act happy around everyone and seem like a pretty normal guy, but really I’m empty and hollowed out inside. Lots of people have expressed how much they hate me and that I’m too dark or that I’m too demented but I just sit there and act like I don’t care. My ex girlfriend and I broke up about 8 months ago and I still miss her as she was the only one who could break me out of this state. I often lay awake late at nights just thinking about where it all went wrong and how I could be happier, but often I get hit hard with the fact that I can’t change the past and will never be able to fix it. I just want this feeling to end.
Because of that I'm very dependant on my family. I'm 21, I should have graduated, moved out and found a job. But here I am. After my grandpa passed away 2 years ago my mom and I live with my grandma. I can't leave my mom, and she can't leave her. I loved my grandpa so much, but I don't feel the same for my grandma. She is a toxic person that keeps our family in tension all the time. We were forced to spend every weekend in their house. As a teenager I hated it, because we would either work in the yard or do absolutely nothing. I never made any friends outside of my class. If you skip a week she would make us feel guilty and she still does. My younger cousin is free to come and go as he pleases, but I for some reason am an exception. He could gave gotten Cs and Ds in school and be fine, but I would get disappointed looks if I came back with anything lower than A. He got his driving license early and I'm still failing despite being a good driver. We grew up together and got obese because she would feed us so much, but he got fit and I'm not. I'm just that nervous for no reason. It all gets in my head. When you know you can do so much but family, this constant pressure to be the best. I know that even if I try hard It's pointless.
Of course, I'd *looooooooooove* to hear any theories for why I shouldn't kill myself now, seeing as *every single time I've wound up deciding to stay alive my life has gotten worse*.  I really would like to see /SW's spin on this turd.  Tell me how I'm supposed to get on unemployment benefits after being fired for cause, or how those benefits will ever be enough to pay for any of the bills I have.  Tell me how I can escape everything by declaring bankruptcy despite having no money for a lawyer and being unable to discharge student loans except by paying them off or dying.  Tell me how I'm supposed to sue my employer even though they'll say they fired me for poor performance rather than being cray-cray, or how no lawyer will take the case for as little money as it represents, or how goddamn long it takes to get a case through court.  Tell me how I still have my youth or this is just a goddamn phase or how "it sure looks like you're having a rough time, but hang in there it gets better." Yeah, tell me **HOW IN THE FLYING FUCK THINGS ARE SUPPOSED TO GET BETTER, OR WHEN, OR FOR WHOM.** Tell me how goddamn thankful I need to be that I have a Real True Friend who looks out for me, even though my "friend" ratted me out to the cops and is the reason I have a criminal record now and spent the week in the crazy-house.  Or even better, tell me how jobs and money don't, like, matter, man, or whatever, because you've got to, like, simplify and enjoy life, man, because life has so much to offer.  Tell me *all about* that useless hippie bullshit stoner circlejerk philosophy you have, because that shit **really helps a broke guy eat** or avoid getting sent to debtor's fucking prison.
It’s been a year. I work as a freelance writer and am  living by myself for the first in my life. I was slowly making progress. I had plans to save up as much money as I could so that I can move to a more rural setting when my lease is up next year. Instead, everything has started exploding. People hate me for my disorder, even without knowing me, even though all of my destructive tendencies are turned inward. My parents are pushing me to contact Dan again and give him another chance. I triggered a friend of mine who in return triggered me into having full flashbacks to Dan. A coworker is angry at me because I was unable to cover an event  so she had to and her writing was panned. I am still in chronic pain from the car accident I was in last year and I am stuck in paperwork hell, even with witnesses, police, and video showing that the other driver was at fault. I have pneumonia and every breath I take hurts. I am still struggling to not binge eat or drink. I am just worn to the core. I have nothing left to give.
my old life sucked, and now my new life isnt doing much betterBefore i begin, im 29, Mtf transgender, and a traditional archer, my best friend is trans as well and from the moment we met we became almost a second family. She is smaller than myself, and objectively speaking, prettier. Guys at the bar always go for her first, in addition,  she has beautiful talents like dancing and art. My only talents center around violence, and are inherently ugly. I defend her from physical danger and she was to defend me from psychological and emotional trauma; it was supposed to be an ideal arrangement. we both fled the bible belt seeking a safer place to transition, she made the journey by plane, and i drove due to my attachment to my car and bow. While she had a safe and expedient journey, i suffered for a month on the road, resorting to prostitution for food and gas money. Throughout the ordeal i remained positive, not once snapping at her under the tremendous pressures i faced. When i finally made it to the transgender haven of Tacoma, she, her new boyfriend and new roommate refused to lend me shelter for physical and financial recuperation forcing me to spend the next 2 weeks living in my car. No food, water, or makeup to make myself pretty enough for clients, i was destined to die. Im too proud to beg, and too honest to steal, a bad combination when your flat broke in a new city. Through a stroke of luck, a man found me attractive and took me in, he was older and somewhat possessive, but loving enough. I reached out to my best friend for what seemed like months in vain, i was distraught without her in my life. finally, she answered, though she found herself in a troubled situation, and sought aid. Her, being the most important person in my life, including myself, i was more than relieved when the man who took me in allowed her to stay as well. my joy has turned to anguish, he no longer loves me and has turned his affection to her which she readily returns. In addition, they both chastise me at every opportunity, for even the smallest things. the one who was supposed to protect my emotions now strikes blows against it, with full knowledge of its frailty. I would have given my life to save hers, but now i dont know what to do. Im worthless without purpose, or someone to protect.
I noticed his lack of presence about 3 days before his birthday.  No one else had mentioned it, so I tried to remain calm (it had happened before, and he had been ok).  He had been struggling very hard with money, and I thought maybe he had shut his internet service off.  I decided to wait to call.  I figured if I hadn't heard concerns from anyone else, I would wait until his birthday, because I had planned on calling him then anyway.  So his birthday rolls around, and when I try to call he didn't answer.  I knew this would happen, and the feeling of dread rose worse in my stomach.  Then his "girlfriend" sent me a message, asking if I had heard from him.  She hadn't since nearly a week before.  I knew then what I knew 3 days earlier, but I tried to keep up hope.  I started contacting people I knew who lived around him, asking anyone if they had seen/spoken to him or if they could go check on him.  No one could till the next morning.  At 7:45am, I received a phone call that I never, ever wanted.  A neighbor went over and found him.  I still don't know exactly what happened, because according to our mutual friend, the neighbor and his SO have not been the same since.  They stopped talking to anyone familiar with Him.  The man even ignored my mother when she tried to introduce herself and apologize for what he had gone through.  My mutual friend was given the horrible weight of having to call and tell me.  I can't imagine how difficult that must have been.  Being 4 hours away from each other, all he could say was "I'm so sorry" over and over.  I cried harder than I have ever cried in my life.  I then had to call my other brother and let him know.  Then me, my husband and 4 yr old, my
For the next couple years things kept getting worse. My hours weren't any shorter and his were on and off fulltime. There was no convenient time for him to be working full time because of my hours, but we also needed the money. Whenever he would tell me that he could get extra hours I would always complain and the less hours he worked the more I complained that he wasnt bringing in enough money. Whenever he brought up the contradiction I would tell him that he needed to figure it out. I knew that it would bother him so I started saying that a lot and for everything that I could. I really started to resent him and I pulled away from him. I knew that it was hurting him but I didnt care. If he didnt want to be hurt then he would at least try to make me happy. I used that same thing to justify when I started to talk to another guy at work. I thought he was just a friend but talking at work turned into texting at home and then pictures and videos and then trying to sneak some alone time with him. I knew that it was wrong but it made me feel so alive, and my husband had not made me feel like that in years. I was tired of being unhappy and I was doing this for me. The worst was the night that I came home at a reasonable time and found that he had cleaned the whole house, cooked the whole family dinner and picked out a movie for all of us to watch together. This would have made me swoon a couple years earlier, but that night I couldn't even look at him and I pretended to be sick. I spent the rest of the night in bed while he waited on me and checked on me and even made me different food and brought it to me in bed. It made me feel terrible, and then it made me angry that he made me feel that way and by the end of the night I was texting with the other guy.
Moved out today, two months after I told my stbx I was done.I’ll skip the story but I moved out this evening. After 13 years together, 6 years married and two young kids, I never thought I’d be living in my own and having primary custody of our children but here’s where we are. Exactly two months after I told him I was done, I’m spending my first night in my new apartment and getting it ready for when our kids join me on Wednesday. I’m proud of myself but sad my marriage didn’t work. Looking forward to new beginnings and giving our kids a wonderful, fun and happy life. These last two months have seemed like so much longer. Finally ready to work on specific negotiations like how to split the proceeds of our house and paying off debt (or not). I couldn’t do it living in the same house as him so this is a good thing. We both have lawyers and both knew I was moving. Tonight is bittersweet but I haven’t shed a tear and I honestly don’t think I will. I got nothing left except energy and good vibes for what the future holds for us. This is good.
Growing up I had a rough childhood. My dad is a glue sniffer, weed, alcohol. He would abuse me a lot when I was 5 years old and when he used to live with us. I was young, but it traumatised me so much I still remember everything. He would throw me into my room and i’d hit the furniture. I’d hit the draw and all the books would fall onto me. I’d get bruises all over my body, i’d get winded, struggle to breathe. I was so young I didn’t know what was happening. As I got older I started to put the puzzle pieces together. Shortly after my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer and I was left with my dad at home for the time she was in the hospital. She survived, but my dad sent me to school in the same clothes from the previous days. He didn’t care for me. He didn’t give me any food, breakfast, tea. When we went to visit my mother I told her everything. She knew I was in the same clothes and she was disgusted with my dad for not looking after me. She got out maybe a few weeks after and they had a huge argument. They were outside by the shed, and being the curious child I was I went out to look. I stood by the door with her. My dad was arguing, my mother told him that she was sick of all his drugs. He picked up a piece of wood and threw it right at her head. I had to call the ambulance myself because he just left in his car. She was on the ground passed out, and I was freaking out. She was okay after a week, she had a massive bruise on her head though and it just really scared me. They got a divorce and I remember sitting in my room on my bed crying all night like it was my fault.
He called me on accidentSo I posted a couple weeks ago about potential divorce, well now it’s for sure happening. I’ve moved myself and our kids out of the house and he’s still there. He’s been unfaithful in the past, but I always felt like having my family together was more important. Not even a week after we moved out, I noticed he already had dating apps downloaded on his phone. I called him out on it and he later told me he deleted them so he didn’t give me the wrong idea. Well he doesn’t really talk to me much, just here and there. Usually about something that involves the both of us. Well he hadn’t talked to me at all today. He called me this evening and started off with “hey I know the road but I’m terrible with directions haha” I said “what?” And he sat there silent. I knew he was trying to call someone else because once he realized it was me, he went quiet. When I asked about it, he said he thought he and I had plans for our kids today. Nice try bud. He seriously thinks I’m an idiot. He continued to keep up with the lie and then said he was gonna go to a friends “since he was already in the truck.” Whatever.. I don’t even understand how he could be like that already. I’ve felt for a very long time that he didn’t really love me, and time has proven it to be true even over his claim that he did.  I’m just really hurt that he couldn’t even just wait a little bit before he’s moving on. I don’t really even know what to say.. I guess I just needed to vent.
Happy Holidays. Remind Yourself That It Will Get Better.I wanted to wish everyone in this subreddit a happy holidays. All of us, including me, are probably going through a rough bout during this time of the year. Some of us are past D-Day some of us are still working towards it. I'm one of those still working towards it. A lot of us are missing the closeness of the ones we loved or the children we had with our spouse, are the family members left behind from these indiscretions. But as a reminder this is just one day out of the year. Hold yourself together for yourself, for your kids, for those that you love or love you. Use these days as a stepping stone to show the strength that you're building up for yourself. Today doesn't have to be a day of sorrow. Find something to do for yourself. Go take a walk, go volunteer your time, or just go work on yourself. Inner reflection is very important this time of the year. Please don't lose hope that there is nothing left. You are more than the person you were before, and you will be a better person for this. I wish you all a happy and peaceful holiday. If anyone just needs to talk you're welcome to DM today as I too will be alone for some time.
so when I was first born I had a good life my parents were happy and life was good so toward my 8th birthday my dad decided to hit my mum which resulted in hey presto a divorce after that we moved to another city we were lower class and could hardly afford a lot of shit my parents at this time both decided to get hooked on weed and cigarettes and alcohol at this time (one of these is illegal in my country guess which one) from there on things got better but my family members started dying very quickly then one year later my dad shows up they decide to split my weekends and weeks this was the last time I was really happy then our crippling financial insecurity kept hitting me as my mither let herself go and became a party freak whilst trying to be a mother after a while she calmed down and I met friends these people ended up bullying me and especially some of the people in my class so after elementary im in an abusive friend relationship and in the same high school my mum decided to date people and eventually had a baby sister this one guy ended up trying to steal the baby yet we kept her and she got beaten up bad then a few nights later I saw her giving handjobs now im in high school and im friends with those people and they treat me better now but there are still dicks that bully me so now im getting fucking bullied to an extreme for smelling like cigs and weed for being poor and for my mom being a whore and I want to succeed at life and shit and I was a bright kid but now im getting dumber this (though not that bad and some worse undisclosed points) and the fact I cant sleep is making me just want to die im constantly embarrassed have fucking stomach aches from not sleeping and grumpy so triple whammy the only way I hide this is by bottling it even in fights and im scared one day the bottle will burst and I will hurt myself or others and its only getting worse
This is all to say that I have a lot of good going for me, but right now in this moment I just feel a lack of meaning. I can feel myself yearning for a meaningful connection with someone, and yet, I know that right now my time is better invested in working on myself and enjoying this second chance at life. I think of my STBX and how she is playing house with her AP right now. I think about the message she sent me a few weeks back where she asked me if I was sure this is what I wanted, when it was her that decided to betray our vows and get in bed with a kid 14 years her junior and decide he was her "life partner" after knowing him for a few weeks. I get frustrated that in the end she will likely not have a long-lasting relationship with her AP and this will truly have all been for nothing. It is bitter sweet as I was unhappy in the marriage and was honestly just staying for our son (something that in hindsight I regret as he deserves to see an example of love and not two people who are tolerating each other). I don't want to be with her, not by a long shot. But despite being proven right, despite so many of you being proven right in your prediction that the fog would lift and she would regret her decision, it doesn't make it any better. I'm still here alone, in my apartment, drinking my feelings  (something I don't normally do) and ranting to you fine people.
Just wanna be happyDon’t know what to do anymore My mind is different I know that cause no one understands and I just wanna fucking kill myself but don’t have the guts to do one god damn thing I party cause when I drink I feel better I feel like mabey dying isn’t the answer I’m a failure I dropped out of school now I’m trying to do home school and it’s not working I just wanna go to real school make friends that party as well and just go hard as fuck but I’m to scared to go to a whole new school I wish  that I could just go somewhere and just be happy I don’t eat anymore cause I don’t have a damn appetite anymore and I’ve lost like 3 pounds there’s no way out I have like 2 friends don’t even know if they call me there friend .. I just need a way out I just wanna do drugs smoke a lot of weed but I can’t find a friend who would be by my side and understand me I feel as if school and all the bull shit that’s going on is just a waste of my damn time and it’s just a bunch of shit that I probably will never use I’m failing home school I’m fucking failing and I don’t know what the fuck to do I fucking hate myself I hate every damn thing about me
I was 14 when I first attempted suicide. My mother had a boyfriend, let's call him Shame, who had brought me my little sister. He had taken $10 from my mother and asked me to go to my dealers and buy weed. I thought he has asked mom for that $10 so I agreed. One for him. One for me. Win Win. So as I sat in my room drowning in my own self-loathing. My mom calls home and asked if that $10 was still there cause she needed gas. Shame told her that I took it to buy weed. Bastard thought I didn't hear him through the floor. So after finishing my joint I slid my foot stool under the support beam in the basement. (Yes, my room was that of a basement with cement walls and cement flooring with all the woodworking just above my head.) I tied my prized jump rope up and over and tied it as tight as could and proceeded tied the noose around my neck when I hear the door to the basement swing open and heavy foot steps stomp down the stairs at the opposite side of the basement. He stops to take in what he's seeing and then charges me. He lifts me feet from the stool and untied the rope from the beam and throws me on my bed and proceed to yell at me for being so stupid. He then goes upstairs to grab his phone which gave me enough time to reach for a blade I hid in my room and cut myself. He comes back down with the phone ringing and charges me again now completely laying on top of my trying to get the blade from my hand. We both ended up being cut but he was able to get it from me and honestly looked like a murder scene on my bed. There was so much blood. I'm going to skip the details here as it's was just him on the phone with my mother and needless to say they where both frantic. And now I'm sitting in the living room in front Shame and my mother getting the earful of a lifetime. The reason I said that is because that day wasn't just any day. It's would be considered the worst day for a mother to hear her child committed suicide. Yes, it was mother's day. And what happened next I would always hate her for even if things are okay between us now this is something I would never forgive. After an onslaught or why would you do this on mothers day and other points of interest that made me sink even lower in my seemingly endless sea of self-loathing. She sends me to Darcy.
Update: I wrote this 267 days ago and I haven't been back on this account since around the time I wrote this post. I actually haven't even thought about it and I didn't even remember my username or password lol. Life is still pretty bad, however, it could get better. I'm in school and still working. School made everything worse but a little better. I'm learning so much and I'm learning a lot about myself. My courses are challenging, in a bad way and good way. It's very hard for me to work and go to school, very hard. I've been depressed and anxious like crazy. It's really not a joke when people say school is hard. Not to sound like an asshole, but I just feel like one day I'm going to do something great and worth every fucking thing I've lived through. I don't want my story to end the way anxiety or depression tries to tell me it will. I hope one day I won't feel like I do physically and mentally. I also hope I'll be free financially. I'm miserable almost every day, but I have it in the back of my head that everything I'm doing now will eventually put me in a position to provide for myself, help my family, live comfortably and get the medical help I think I need. Just going to keep going
I really wanted to start a family I am old and shits not going to work right soon. I stopped going to college cause I bought a house and make to much for any Aid and no way in hell am I going to pull another school loan on top of a current one, a car payment and now a house payment. So just got letter saying I got accepted into the program iv been trying to get into. Only problem is..i have two quarters to finishes like 21 credits and I have no money, I work full time and best of all I booked a vacation this summer which is the last week of school when finals are due to go to Yellowstone with my slowly fading grandmother. Okay so..I guess I just wont ever have kids and Ill take out another loan and then do all this work and reschedule the finals I need and piss my teachers off. Because no way in hell can I do all of this while pregnant and by the time I graduate ill be to old to have kids, I am already to old be to trying but everyone keeps telling me its fine and to top it off I am going to be a single mother because my husband doesn't want anything to do with kids which is fine ...whatever. Nothings right, there is no right timing. I give up. UUUUHHHHHG.
It's my birthday, and the only one who remembered was GmailI've never really posted on reddit, mostly lurked. Just feeling quite sad today. A few months ago my truck broke down, unable to get to work on time (23+ miles is hard to walk everyday on time) I ended up getting fired. I'm getting by, mostly by selling everything I have and donating plasma 2x a week. I decided to walk to the store today to make myself a cake for my birthday, for some reason I assumed I had eggs at home, sadly I did not. And my neighbor's weren't so kind to lend me a few. I've been sitting at home, crying every now and then, staring at the phone hoping someone remembers. I called both of my parents, hinted at it, and got nothing from it. I did the same with my 3 brothers. I just wanted someone to talk to, or wish me a happy birthday, or for one of my friends to take me out for pizza. Anything really. I've been depressed these past few months, and today isn't helping at all. Thanks to whoever listened, it means more then you know.
I keep calling out of workAnd my husband won't talk to me. I feel awful but I always call out anyways. I don't want to be here when he gets here. I don't want to confront him. I pushed him too far. I should have gone to work but I am emotionally so pathetic. I always give in to the slightest little pain.  am like a big child I hurt emotionally very easily and I can't handle little pains like my waking up with a sic stomach or feeling dizzy. Instead I use my FMLA for my migraines and depression to call out of work. I know how blessed I am to have a job were I get full time and good benefits and I have nearly lost my job so many times because of all my call outs. Now my husband won't talk to me. I called out today and normally he messages me or talks to me on my breaks. I think that I will go to the local starbucks so he can have space and I can too. I don't want to talk to him now either. I just want to hide. I pushed a good man too far.
* This was very difficult. My ex and I adopted her about 4 months before the divorce began. She was a former breeder dog and was extremely wary of people, but had finally begun bonding with me just a couple weeks before the divorce. It was yet another adjustment for her, but she eventually bonded with me very strongly, in spite of herself. Having Luma was both logistically difficult and emotionally invaluable. I felt "trapped" into keeping her because I felt that my ex could not care for her properly. Her needs were difficult enough that it took a year in foster care before we adopted her, so I felt that giving her back to the rescue organization was a slow death sentence anyway. Losing her was similarly conflicting. She had quickly-advancing cancer as a result of not being spayed for her first five years, and I decided to euthanize her before it began affecting her quality of life. I have not gotten another pet since she died and I have no plans to do so in the near future.
A month ago, it has now been 2 years now, my wife text me if I loved her. I didn't reply. But it was the start. She wanted to meet over coffee to discuss our divorce. I agree. We ended up talking for 3 hours about what caused her leaving. She seemed to have regret. We started to meet once a week and sometime text to discuss our plans of her coming home and working on our marriage. I was a little defensive but she reassured me, even mentioning to our kids that she wants to come home. She agreed to go to counseling, to cut off social media (she met her affair partner on Facebook) and to be the best wife and mother she should be. Every time we met, she cried and cried. Telling me she was so sorry for hurting me and our kids. She wants us to fall in love again to work our marriage out. I finally was convinced. I agreed to letting her back into our home. We agreed in two weeks to cut ties with anyone we were seeing and to prepare for her stuff. The kids and I were so happy and excited. I didn't tell anyone because if I did, they would advise against it... Including her family. At work, my coworkers, mostly female, noticed how happy I was. When I shared my wife was coming home (they know about my situation) all were against it. But I didn't care. I eventually cut off any relationship I had. I hurted a good friend whom wanting a relationship with me and has been nothing but great to me and my 2 kids. She was devasted but she understood that I wanted my family back. So we parted ways. Life was finally going to give my family back after 2 years. I was on cloud nine and my kids too. We were cleaning up everyday because mommy likes a clean house my kids would say.
On the other hand, I don't struggle at all leaving the house once I get an invitation, I don't always feel great when out with people, but generally a bit better, though I sometimes I feel terrible once I have to be home alone again after a night out. But periods of time when lots of stuff is happening, I can get super active and social and just feel happy and easy, and this makes it feel like it's not a depression, since there is this cure of sorts. I've had a good stretch now where I've just felt great everyday, though I wasn't really productive, I was social and active and felt good about myself. The last couple of days, however, I've faced some money stress and a couple of rejections, and I find that the smallest thing - the person I like ignoring my message, that kind of thing - sends me spiralling into black hole of just biding my time minute by minute until I'm out of this void again. And it seems that whether I get out of this void will be completely dependant on other people, how they will act around me, so that I am dependant on the chance of brighter times happening rather than me actually feeling better.
My ex girlfriend of 2 years was an angel. On our first month. Later on she started being over jealous of everyone, even my friends. There are so many problems revolving around her that one can’t even handle them. She is afraid of death, afraid of talking anything in regards to science, afraid of people around her, afraid of the entire world. She things everyone is a bad person. She is very depressed. I have been there for her through our entire time together. I don't blame her actions, because i know she didn't do anything out of bad intentions but since then, she fed me only with sorrow. She started fighting with me everyday, throwing tantrums for unimportant things 2, 3 times a day. She wanted me to stop talking to clients who are female outside of work and cast my female friends aside. We went to work together for a summer on a campus and she was constantly jealous, thinking i was flirting with every girl there. Which i did not ever care. And still, I was by her side the entire time. But then I couldn’t take it anymore and I told her that it’s over. A few months later, she started messaging me. Being the sensitive idiot that I think I am, I returned by her side but not as her boyfriend. Only as a close friend. We meet from time to time, and talk with each other almost everyday. She still is depressed, talking about how bad the world is. That deeply affects me. But at least the controlling aspect is over.
Family thinks I’m running away as a result of my pending divorceMy husband (37) and I (38) just recently decided that we will be getting a divorce. We have been married for almost 16 years. There were various factors that led to the divorce but they started with poor communication early on that we never properly addressed until it was too late. I wanted to stay together and keep working on our marriage but my husband didn’t . We are best friends so we are trying to keep that part of our relationship intact. Now that I am facing a future on my own, I’m working toward moving overseas to teach English. I did it briefly in my past and really enjoyed it and have wanted to go back ever since but it wasn’t an option while I was married. Now I feel like I might as well take that leap and try to fulfill that dream for myself. My stbxh supports the decision but my family thinks I’m just running away and making things harder for myself. Since I’m still dealing with all of the emotions that come along with facing a divorce and losing that companionship, I worry if they are right. Am I running away since I’m trying to start over in a different country? It’s scary as hell facing anything alone when you haven’t had to for so long and trying to navigate that kind of move by myself is overwhelming but I’m willing to do it. My family feels like I should go and stay with them to get myself back on my feet but I kind of feel like that would make me feel more like a failure.
Life where I’m having to make some big decisions. I’m really considering giving up and just killing myself. I’ve wasted so much money and time and resources that could have been used for someone who was actually in crisis and actually wanted to get better. I’m failing all my classes again like I did last semester. I can’t even do the basic things that most people can do like showering, brushing my teeth, washing my clothes, throwing away my trash, sleeping, eating, drinking water, brushing my hair, washing my face, and even getting out of bed. I can’t function anymore. I got hooked on Benadryl a little over a month and a half ago. I can’t stop chasing the high and numbing and psychosis that Benadryl gives me. I’ve also been drinking alcohol and cutting myself. I can’t even attend my classes, let alone keep up with the coursework (essays, tests, assignments, readings, notes, etc). I’m broken and my life is a disaster. I don’t think my life will ever get better and I’m tired of fighting just to breathe and survive another gruesome day. Every single day, my life gets worse and I’m in more pain (both physical and mental). I have a lot of medical problems and also a variety of mental health issues that impact me all the time. I don’t want to live like this anymore. I don’t want to die but I don’t want to live. I just need the pain to stop. I just need a break. I need peace. I need to rest. I need a fresh start. Going inpatient to an acute or long term psych facility and going to rehab isn’t an option for me because I’m in debt and don’t have the money to get help. I’m too stubborn to admit that I have a problem and I’m too ashamed to tell anyone that I’m not doing okay. I feel like a complete failure and I’m a burden on everyone. I feel so lonely and I cry several times a day for all the people I’ve lost and the good times I lost. I don’t know what to do. I’m so tired. I don’t care anymore honestly. I think I’m going to end my life tonight or run away or get so fucked up on chemicals/drugs/alcohol that I go into a coma or become brain dead.
The endThis will be my final post here, as i this'll be the end of a chapter in my life one way or another. I'm a 23 year old fraud, thief, compulsive liar, and i can't take it anymore. I've been telling my parents that i am attending classes ive been skipping for the last 2 terms. They're absolutely obsessed with me finishing college that dropping it isn't an option for me, not to mention my country has compulsory military service which i can't take in my current mental state. My college life has been a cycle of depression> attention loss in class> low grades> attendance drops. This term ive completely skipped even my finals because my attendance is too low to get into any of them. After the first month i was effectively never in school because i was too anxious to get inside the building. And i've been making my parents pay for my dumbass all along. I don't find my existence to be worth anything. Its painful for me and painful for everyone around me, the shorter i cut to the end the better for everyone. The guilt i'm feeling isn't something i can hide anymore.
So I(M16) sent this to a friend and thought I could get some help hereHey so you don't have to reply to this I'm just going to vent and kinda explain why I'm nervous to tell people about my dream I guess it kinda goes back to elementary school where I was deemed too nerdy to hangout with the nerds I mean my only friend that my mom didn't set up was Aidan for 6 years  I was basically alone and I didn't want to be left out or called stupid because the things I like so when middle school came around I tried to fit in even stand out and be liked that's where I realized that the friends that I thought were my friends weren't and they thought of me as a jester so I stopped I didn't try to be like them anymore and then highschool started and I got More into metal, emo and anime stuff that the loser's and outcasts liked and made and it all made sense so I'm getting gauges and making my hair into a pompadour and dressing the way I want because fuck everyone that thinks I can't do anything or won't fit in but deep down I just don't want to be rejected
Gonna need some serious help on this oneOkay, so I'm a 16 yr old guy and am having some stress lately. I usually assume that it is my teenage mind blowing thing out of proportion but now I have noticed some stuff. To start, I cannot remove myself from any of the situations that are causing me stress because they are either important (school) or I have no power over them (dying grandfather, great uncle just died) so what I am looking for is a way to really fix it by changing my view. At first I tried to relieve it by going over the situation I am in but there is a lot so I find myself pacing for HOURS around trying to come up with a plan to organize but thing just kept coming so then I started to crumble. School started so I'm locked in to a lot of stuff too. I started to eat less and stay up until 3 AM worrying about life. Then when that started to effect my grades and other schedule stuff (lack of sleep and energy) I just felt worse. I had a lot of other emotions like guilt and regret. I felt like there wasn't a good end to where I was. I have a twin brother who is in everything like this but never worries about thing so he is doing great. I started to crumble more until I was on the verge of tears. I then chose that even being emotionally numb and calm was better than the stress and a wanted a way to block everything out. That's when I cut myself. I cut myself again the next day, and the day following that. I felt EXTREMLY calm after doing so. It was more calm then I had felt in months. But then I remembered, scars. That has stopped me since those three days of calm. I only have few scratches and cuts and one glass cut but I easily hide them with a few wristbands and a watch. Thing is, everything scars and if I keep going, its going to affect me later in life. It always starts with a few scratches but then that's not enough. Even after a few days I went from just pain to not feel my problems to needing the sight of blood. The only thing stopping me now is, well, more stress. I'm now hoping that the cuts don't scar too badly and am stressing about hiding the scabs on my wrist. My family (luckily) is very loving and close to me. That means little privacy so I can't continue without them noticing. I wish that left me at square one but even square one is better than this. Now I have tried everything I have thought of to deal with stress and none of it will work without hurting me in the long run so now I just need a change in the mind. I need a new mindset to view life in general.
OMG....I was married to a covert narcissist!!!!!My best friend, who divorced her own narcissist 6 years ago kept telling me for years that I was married to a narcissist. I always knew we had major issues but I had a hard time relating this sensitive, shy, introvert to the usual image of a boisterous, self-centered, and cruel individual. He always took care of me right, that wasn’t selfish. But my own damaged self never saw the signs. The manipulation, the gas lighting. I tried to break free so many times and he always knew exactly how to play me. Always being distant and cold until that exact moment I was ready to move on, then professing his undying love for me and our family. As the years went on, he had to up the ante, say crueler things to get me to react, and once again he often waited until things were actually going really good to land these bombs in my life. It was like the peace of a normal life bored him. Finally, after two children and more than a decade together, things started to take their toll. When you are controlled and emotionally manipulated for so long, you start to break down mentally. You can no longer be controlled with simple manipulation and withholding of love and affection. You start to fight back with anger and frustration. But I think this is your inner self fighting to get out. You know that you shouldn’t be treated this way, you know that you are not crazy, and you know that there is something fundamentally wrong but you can’t seem to fix it. Then one day years later you wake up from the hazy nightmare that was your life. You realized that you were right all along, your mental stability was controlled by someone else. They took your honesty and openness and carefully and ever so slowly used it against you. They showed you the perfect relationship but kept you chasing it like a junkie. Perhaps the saddest of all is that you realize that this person you love so much, is actually incapable of loving you back. Beware of the covert narcissist, they are definitely more dangerous than the typical narcissist because they know that being self-centered and selfish is inherently wrong and ‘un-attractive’. They want the world to see them as a loving and healthy individual and they become very good at portraying that image to those around them. BUT they can’t hide forever, unfortunately it is usually after you have committed your heart that the true personality show through, especially for these covert types that have learned to hide their traits. I guess the only defense is to know that no matter when a partner shows their ‘true colors’ you have to be willing to walk away from someone who treats you badly, no matter how much you are “in love” because in the end this is not really love.
We enjoyed the holidays and my birthday. Then he decided he wanted to try to separate again (February 1, 2019). Two week prior we went out and bought a new mattress (luckily we were able to return it since it had not yet been delivered), and booked a trip to Vegas on my birthday. I was devastated once again. He told me he would actually be filing this time so I was a wreck. I cancelled our vacation, returned all of the new stuff I got for our new bed, and spend endless hours on the phone with my mom going over every detail trying to figure out why he’d want to leave. He didn’t move out, but spent every night for the next six nights sleeping in the other bedroom. This time I found out he had been hanging out with his ex-fiancé. I asked if they had sex, he said no and if we did, I’d never tell you. Nice. I spent the week trying to get my shit together, seeing my counselor, and thinking about the future, but I still wanted it all to work out. He never ended up filing, and by Thursday night he came home from his friends’ house and slipped in to my bed and we reconciled and re-booked out trip to Vegas.
I'm upset about something really weird. People kinda give you a weird look or ridicule you if you tell them you're upset by this. Mostly they ridicule you. There are other things contributing to why I am the way I am, but I'm not gonna get too into it. I was circumcised as an infant and it bothers me immensely. I had heard of circumcision being something where you get something cut off part of your penis as a baby, but I always assumed my liberally minded, atheist parents would never do that, so I figured it hadn't happened to me. I only discovered that I had been circ'd on my eighteenth birthday. Basically, I saw my first uncut cock watching porn, I put two and two together, and I got this jolt of fear, panic, and confusion when I realized this had been done to me. If you give that much of a fuck for whatever reason, I talk about it more in a different post. I had a bit of a botch as a kid. I have scars on my penis because so much skin was taken off that it gives me tight, painful erections, and the skin would sometimes split and make me bleed during sex or masturbation. So many things started making sense to me once I learned that this had been done to me. I've done this thing where I stretch out my shaft skin, and the half an inch of stretched out shaft skin I've gotten back has immensely improved things so I don't bleed or anything.
I'm mostly just pissed because I know she's going to see her daughter even less. I just want my daughter to not grow up asking why her mom never sees her or why she wasn't good enough for her mom. I'm so scared her mom is going to disappear out of her life for her new family and act like my daughter is a burden. I can see my ex moving away as she has no stable support here and no help. She's not married to the guy. I don't know him well enough to know if he will move here to be with his kid. Probably not. I'm just so upset for my daughter. My ex already cut her last weekend short because she was "running a fever" yeah no shit your pregnant a 99.8 is not a fever. Why would you not want your daughter? It's only going to get worse from ere as she gets further along then can't take care of 2 kids by herself and ask even more from me on her weekends knowing I won't leave my daughter somewhere I feel she isn't getting adequate care or just being sat in front of a damn screen to keep her occupied so you don't have to deal with her.
So I have to keep reminding myself of all of these horrible things she has done and keeps doing or else I slip back into missing her. The triggers can come out of no where. The latest was a song on an episode of the Orville. You see when we were together I use to do these little romantic gestures like randomly bring home some roses, put a song on and dance in the living room, or whatever came to mind to make her happy. But as things got bad I stopped I just couldn't do things for someone who obviously didn't appreciate it or me. Then when I started dating again I figured that part of me was emotionally beaten to death. Except that was a lie I told myself. I have had this stupid song stuck in my head now for days, and the person it makes me think of is me ex. I have this stupid urge to leave it for her as a voice mail, even though I know it is a horrible idea for many reasons. I have no illusions that she would ever change, even if I was dumb enough to try to win her back within 2 to 3 years I would be posting on either /r/deadbedrooms or /r/survivinginfidelity. So here I sit ripping open old scars(emotional and psychological ofcourse) to remind myself that it just isn't worth it, and hating myself for all of it.
When I was eleven, I started 5th grade I had to make friends all over again. It was my first time in public school. I made some friends, but not much happened that year, except for when Robert kneed my in the gut, because Alex over heard me joking around with Corbin and jokingly saying he looked like santa (Don't ask). Anyways after that year, things started to get interesting. My dad got an apartment in our town because he wanted to be closer to us. Every weekend I would go to his place and stay the night, that is if he wasn't back I. Wisconsin working at his other job. It sucked. I loved staying with my mom. I was happy that I got to stay with him more, but sad that I got to stay with Mom less. I was torn. While all of this was happening my sister's relationship with my dad was rolling down hill. I don't know why but my dad would always take stuff out on her. He never abused anyone, but he yells. A lot. I just think that he's changed from the past 10 years.
Is there any possibility of civility?My STBX and I have been together for over a decade now. We started dating when I was 17 and she 15(currently 28 and 26). Just after we started dating my family lost our house and I bounced around for awhile between family and what not, finally being taken in by the family of my best friend since the 5th grade. Joined the military shortly after graduating and have been in ever since. We had gotten married when we were 20/18 and the rest is history. I explain it as we’ve grown up together and with that mistakes have been made on both sides along the way. Well, after many hurdles, she was finally able to join the military herself and with that I’ve found my self experiencing something I haven’t in longer than I can remember. I’ve been alone. Obviously I go to work but I can’t remember the last time I could go days without seeing someone. At first the silence was deafening, but while talking with my best friend he had mentioned that “she was almost home” and my stomach dropped. We’ve come close to the big D before, but after that feeling I went and spoke to legal to file for separation. In our state you have to be separated for 6mo at least before they will finalize a divorce, but by filing for separation she keeps the pay for housing and she’s anchored to me for her next duty station(important because we live near her family). However, it requires both parties to agree. I know what I want and regardless of agreement something is getting filed on the 15th.
Why do I like youIt sucks knowing that you are the epitome of what I want, but I cannot love you due to this perfection. You deserve what I consider so much more, yet you argue with me that I'm blind. I don't want you to compliment me or give me attention, I want you to realize that you are truly someone that deserves the best. A guy who is  physically, mentally, and emotionally capable of pleasing you. One of your age that can ride with  you and look at trains at any moment, not a kid who can't even find the free time for himself. A beautiful boy who can make those dreams and fantasies become a reality. You keep communication open with  me even after I left. Why I cannot certainly say, but I speculate it is because you felt bad for me, sorry that I'm such a mess. I wish you could just move forward, it would make it so much easier on my heart strings to forget that I don't deserve the love of my life. Move forward Jake, I'm the boy who will always like you but will never feel worthy to love you.
Are humans inherently cruel?I was reading the hunchback of the Notre dame by Victor Hugo and like all the fairy tales that are adapted into a Disney movie it is way more gruesome. Esmeralda the gipsy girl is 14 in the story, her mother was ostracized when she got her out of wedlock and suffered her whole life after esmeralda was stolen as a baby by the gypsies, only to die instantly when she recognises her baby child being brought to execution. So this 14 year old girl is convicted to execution for some reason, is made to believe that she'll be miraculously saved a la Disney and then just hanged from a noose. The grown ass man executor then stands on her shoulders to break this 14 year old girl's neck. What the fuck? I mean sure Victor Hugo is a bit melodramatic but history is told to be quite gruesome like that. I keep telling myself that previous people were just humans like you and I, but who's to say we're actually empathetic creatures? Are we really just cruel monstrous creatures? People are shown to feel guilty when they bully a child to suicide in real life, but in history we seem to be soulless monsters. What is reality?! Do people actually care about other humans? My depressed self tells me no. I don't know what to believe. I feel like I'm stuck wondering the same thing as the protagonist in Voltaire's Candide...
I also get a lot of hassle from Y and I really want him out of life, as does X. Y is controlling, manipulative and aggressive when things don't play out to his own agenda. Example: constant contact on a daily basis; if X doesn't answer his phone Y won't hesitate to spam him with phone calls, text messages or any other form of social media medium. Then the abuse starts, the threats, driving to the bottom of X's street or mine, or driving around looking for us both. Y makes fake accounts on social media to try and get in contact with X. Y has even gone to phone boxes and started calling X's phone. X has tried to block Y several times and even has gone to the extent of paying £600 to cancel his phone contract so that Y cannot phone him. Y insists that he picks X up from work every night without X's consent, and HAS to be there at every one of his DJ gigs, further causing hassle for him at work. If I spend time with X we have to be secretive about it, otherwise Y will become aggressive and once more, start making threats towards us both. X has lost a 2 year relationship because of Y's interference, and struggles to maintain relationships with girls because Y cannot stand him having a relationship with anybody bar himself. Y has begun to dress like X, pressures X into teaching him how to DJ (But when X gets Y a gig he turns it down), and regularly buys X unwanted gifts etc... Then when things go south Y has already saved a list of everything that X owes him back, causing more grief.
I don’t wanna do this anymore.......I’m literally battling with my demons every SINGLE day at least 12-16 hours a day. Im always depressed even though I wear a mask when I’m out in public or around family and friends. This all started once I was told I would never be able to work again after becoming a mechanic when I was 17. 3 years ago I had a major surgery that was prolonged by the insurance company now I’m disabled with major arthritis in my lower back along with permanent nerve damage and my wife has fibromyalgia and is going through pain daily along with me. We also have 2 kids but I just feel like I’m failing my kids everyday. I was working on buying us a house before I broke my back in 2014. Once I stopped working all the money we had to use all of our savings to keep a roof over our heads and now we struggle more because my wife’s health is getting worse. She’s barely going to work and my disability isn’t enough for us to survive on. I’m seeing friends travel the world, signing off on getting their first homes, graduating school, and I’m just at home with nothing anymore. I lost my ambition to tattoo and draw after my surgery, my kids want to go out and play and I can barely walk around let alone take them out without being heavily medicated just to withstand the pain. I just don’t wanna live anymore some days...... I’m a failure and my family tries to tell me im not but it’s hard to believe them when I’m living around all of the hate and anger that has me in this state.......Im stuck in a horrible apartment in a horrible neighborhood where I can’t even take my kids to the local park without being approached by the local gang, or drug addicts! I just FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE, I HATE THIS PLACE, I HATE THIS PLACE! I try my best to keep optimism in play with us possibly getting a home but that shit is dead with the way our finances are! I’ll never be able to give my wife the home I promised her by 30, I’ll never be able to help my kids to where they will not have to struggle like they parents are doing, I’ll never be able to be successful like I wanted to be back when I graduated.......I’m not asking for a pity party I’m just frustrated, depressed and tired........
I got all of the guns and ammo out of the house in conjunction with my PC, clothes for a couple weeks, a little bit of food to get me through a couple days, and the alcohol I had just bought while grocery shopping. While I was ferrying this all to my car, she was yucking it up with the two younger cops and I could tell that they felt like "look at this weak mofo" or "he called for this" because their language from my perspective was all in support of her and them laughing at her B's stories about us doing things together. (That in reality I am the one that has done for years alone) Then the Sgt was like "when things cool down maybe you can come back and talk it out". In my head I'm emotionally distraught and frightened not in rage where you're having to restrain me. I'm like dafuq dude. She was trying to break into a guncabinet for unknown reasons after drinking. Fuck walking g back into that hot mess without a PFA and her removed from the house. Which I later found out should have been offered to me but I believe the aforementioned attitude is why they didn't. I'm also sure that she probably said I was the aggressor even though I'm the one calling the cops.
The divorce process started and I stood my ground.  Emotions were all over the place as I was happy to get away but scared to be alone.  I set a boundary to limit conversations to selling the house, splitting cash and investments, and divvying up the furniture.  I stayed strong and talked to my therapist and lawyer when he filed for alimony (mentioned above).  I found a great male lawyer who understood my situation and did everything perfectly, while my ex kept changing lawyers and was dragging his feet.  I bit my tongue when his lawyer wrongfully accused me of lying and I was patient as he and his lawyer continually made errors on their forms causing the court to reject them.  I listened to my ex as he begged to stay together, but was firm in my responses. I gave a firm hell no when he asked to buy me out in the house and to keep the mortgage in both names (I’m not going to be liable if he defaults on the loan, I need to get my own damn mortgage).
I'm an intense person to put up with. I love with a love so strong, I feel things so hard that it makes me cry when others are hurting and I can't do anything to take that away. I always have to be strong in front of those that I care for and love. I could be having the worst day possible, but I will not show it to others. I will smile and laugh and mess around as if the world is rainbows and unicorn sparkles because I care more about everyone else having a good time. Even on the rare occasion when someone asks if I'm alright, I lie. Not only to them, but in some ways, to myself. I ask people if they're ok, or even just try to see how they're doing, but I barely even get asked how I am. They ask others how they are, whether they just look tired or they're actually crying, but I don't get asked, not even as a check up on me. I love these people with all my heart. They don't become friends, they become my family. I keep all their secrets, all of the things they've done, even if we don't speak anymore, those secrets die with me. No matter how angry I am and just want to tell everyone about what they've done, I don't. But what sucks is that family apparently isn't forever... I'm never anyone's first choice, never have been.
It angers me because this has happened to me constantly in my life. I meet people and love them wholeheartedly, and I get left behind. I get dropped without any warning after everything seems like it's the greatest time of our lives. So with these people that I have endured what is supposed to be the "greatest years of your life", the time that grows and shapes you, it hurts a bit more than anything else. The other people, they've all been online and whilst it did hurt, and it still does a bit, this hurts more because I've seen these people face-to-face for so long, and to know that they are so fine with just forgetting everything, hurts me. I put every fiber of my love into these people and always tried making sure that they would at least smile or laugh while I was with them because I want people to be happy. And now I have to go on without them, them being completely okay with their choice while I cry in the corner and think of them every waking moment but they don't even give a crap towards me. It angers me that I put in all this time and energy and care for them and done things that I dont think I would have done in the first place and they basically take it for granted. It's worse when they already move on and find someone else to fill your space before you're even gone.
a sad gal ..Anyone else feel like no one actually likes you and people just tolerate you. idk sometimes in social situations i feel like im just *there*  and i dont belong. i used to be pretty happy and confident, but now i feel more self  critical than ever. im constantly doubting myself and i never feel like im good enough to be around people. like everytime i talk, i'll say something dumb or embarrassing and end up torturing myself thinking about it later so i just stopped talking altogether.  Im horrendously  awkward and never know what to do w myself around people. like ill even stress over how im standing djdkfnd. im constantly jealous of my best friend bc she makes it seem so easy. people literally gravitate towards her bc shes more interesting and fun. and again , im just    *there.* sometimes i get so angry at her and i know i shouldnt bc its not her fault im like this.  i would never direct my anger towards her, so ill just be stuck in this state of self-hatred and jealousy. Im tired of it and i want to be happy again but i dont know how anymore.
Is this how it's going to be for the rest of my life?So even though I have OCD, I have also lost touch with reality. I don't like to go outside and communicate much anymore (Only with certain people), I have cut myself off from all social media etc. I have been in this rut for a few years now (Gradually getting worse by the years) although it was always there growing up, just not as intense as today. I'm constantly thinking, I can't sleep properly, I worry about others and I just feel severely sad each and every day. I have a partner who I am very happy with, we have a great relationship and I thank her for being by my side. To be honest, I don't really show any signs of emotion. My closest friends suffer and I find myself helping them. I don't like to talk about my issues but it has come to the point where if I keep it bottled up inside anymore then my head will explode. I keep myself active everyday by doing work or doing things around the house but I just can't bare the thought to go outside. I don't want people to see me. The feeling in my throat and chest is there all day, everyday. I don't have thoughts of suicide, I'm excited to see where my life takes me. I had a close friend take his life a few years ago and that has still not sunk in. As for my family, we don't all get along. It's been a few months now since we was last in contact but I sort of feel better for it. It would always come to a time where they would turn and it'd get to the point of not talking. I think this time I feel like I've had enough of it all. Especially over pathetic things. This does all stem down to my past. Love? I have two exes who left. I was hurt by the first but as I got older I realised that was puppy love. I was only young. My second ex.. I went off the rails with alcohol when she left and it took me a long time to get over her. I know they left because of who I am. The anger. I lost all confidence but my heart healed. I no longer feel that pain for them. When I think about the "love" part in my heart, I feel fine. I'm happy in my relationship and with her I feel better, she's wonderful and I'm happy my path lead to her but my feelings are triggered by a lot of things. I get angry a lot and the emotions are just building on top of each other as the days go by.
I decided to post this because my Mom has relapsed today. She quit drinking over half a year ago, but did relapse one other time before today. She says we don’t care about her (only states this when she is drinking, never has she said this sober) and don’t want to help. My problem is that my depression has gotten to the point where I just simply exist. I rarely feel anything other than an empty void within me. I don’t have the motivation or the strength anymore to provide that loving affection she desires. I have so many things on my plate right now I am simply overwhelmed. I am twenty years old, never had a date or even a loving connection with a female, never had a job, don’t have my driver's license. I was finally ready, coming into this summer to get my drivers license, get a job, and start losing weight (I am overweight and I figured it would help my damaged self esteem), but my Grandma fell and broke her elbow and dislocated her shoulder, so Joe and I have been doing more work and I barely have any free time in the day (this is an exaggeration, I do have time, it just feels like the days go by so quickly). I simply don’t know what to do. I feel stuck in a loop. I want to stay in bed all day, curled in a ball, but my responsibilities keep me from sinking into that pit (so I guess that is one positive to the whole Grandma situation) and forces me to do something. I don’t want to waste my life anymore, I am the last of my friends to not have a job (I was the first to graduate, so I’ve had even more time to get my crap together than they have) and I feel like a complete failure. A leech that never contributes to society, let alone my family.
I came to a conclusion today.. (rant)Ultimately, even if I post the most detailed account of my relationship everywhere, tell every person I know all of the ins and outs of our problems, ask for every piece of advice...I will still have to deal with my emotions. My feelings are ultimately the only ones that matter. I have been obsessed with turning to an outside source to point me in the right direction, but today I listened to my heart. I heard nothing. I don’t love him anymore. I don’t even know him anymore. It hurts, but not as much as the hurt he has caused me for so many years now. I was blind for so long and now I see that the only opinion of my marriage that matters to me anymore is my own. No one else lives it, no one else can possibly understand. Honestly, at this point, he doesn’t have to understand either. All I know is that I’m done hurting and I want it to stop. I’m not looking for advice anymore, just healing. I am trying to find peace, and that means making a final decision, just for me.
I've never been a 'good student'. I was always finding myself helping others instead of doing my homework. Or I'd skip class to make sure a friend who had just gone through something had someone by their side. Truth is, that's just me and I can't help the need to help others. Any chance I get I just rush myself into helping someone even if it sets me or my day back. Truthfully I don't mind. I don't do it for attention, or to be recognized (in fact I prefer if I'm not given a ton of praise). I just try and ask that others do the same as I do. Anyways...I have a shit ton of pressure to be in school  (now college) and finish some sort of a degree but I can't...I've had to medically withdrawal from 2 semesters of college already and it's looking like I might do a third. My parents are putting an extreme amount of pressure on me to stay in school but I REALLY can't keep doing it. It's too stressful, boring, and unproductive for someone like me. I have found some programs that pay decent, that directly help people but I don't know how to bring it up to my parents that that's what I want to do. I feel like the only way for me to be successful is for me to fit in the cookie cutter way of doing things but I cant...I can't keep doing what I'm doing right now. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you.
She stopped making any effort to do anything outside of just work - sure, we are both busy, but she has no explicit interest in having deep, facilitating conversations unless they center exclusively around what she wants to talk about. She wants my full,undivided attention about work but has dropped any interest in what I do for research. It's even boiled dow to what would be small talk. Talking about news? Nope. Any interests in pop culture or "nerd culture" such as video games, movies, manga, anime, TV shows, etc.? Only if it was the one-dimensional obsession she has with superhero movies and a few video games - she is unwilling to expand beyond that. Any opportunities to do physical activities or sport outings for fun?? None at all, especially with her excuse that she is always "tired". It's understandable after a long day of work, but I offer these activities normally on weekends when she doesn't have work. She took up the offer to go to bars on a few occasions. Sure, we had drinks, played pool, etc. We're not big on the nightlife scene but even when she formerly enjoyed that, she no longer has any interest.
Y'knowY'know i somehow still wish that an accidental but kind of soft death could hit me someday, even if i dont want to die at the time because i get drunk on the happiness that surrounds me, but somehow, something happens and my emotional state has hit rock bottom again. today was the day i finally cracked after a few months on being drunk in the happiness i've somehow found. i always regret thinking that because i at least want to say goodbye to everyone first, and i've found things i still want to do, but i just.. just because someone ticks me off the littlest, i can break for a few hours to a few days at least while wishing i could die... and i don't suppose i really belong here in this subreddit as i would say i don't have any symptoms of mental health problems, but someone could say otherwise, but i just want someone else to talk to other than my friends who know about my background of problems, and im too scared to talk to my parents because i know that they wouldnt understand because they're asian so its uncommon for kids of asian decent to talk to their parents about these kinds of things \*\*in my opinion\*\*. i most likely will go to sleep after posting this but i just want to talk to someone.. maybe tomorrow to just know that i can be okay.. i guess... i don't know.. i'm sorry if you spend time on my post instead of on someone else's who actually needs it, while im here probably just being an attention-seeker again.. sorry.
We were together for a little over 6.5 years before we got married, and our relationship up to that point had a lot of "event" moments - we moved in together, then bought and renovated a house together, then planned a wedding together. After the wedding "real" life started to intrude - and that's when things started to go downhill. My STBXH's parents got divorced and it was extremely bitter. Meanwhile, my parents were under a lot of stress and anxiety because my mother had been diagnosed with a very serious degenerative illness, affecting both her mind and body. We had spent quite a bit of money on our wedding, and that would normally be fine, but I also had clients who were very late paying me and that caused some extra financial stress - nothing catastrophic, but it was another stress to add to the growing pile. My STBXH began to become more and more selfish, demanding and controlling. He wanted to take more control of our finances. I wasn't sure why at first, but eventually the truth came out - he owed over $50,000 to the IRS and had been hiding it from me. He owns a small business and had been paying himself for 3 years without paying any taxes on his income. I was already paying almost all of the household bills - from the mortgage to the utility bills to the groceries - so that he could pay off his student loans and the loan he had gotten to start his business without it affecting his lifestyle. We mostly kept our finances separate, but we bought the house together and had both spent money on the renovation.
The day I diedIt's a normal Friday afternoon. The clock says it's 4PM. June. It has stopped raining. I put a note on my desk and grab my bag. I look at my room trying to take all my memories with me. It's the last time I'll ever be home. I take a taxi to the nearest subway station. I get on the subway and start listening to music. The music that can describe how I feel. The music is in different languages: Italian, Spanish and English. I listen to their lyrics. I'm sad. But this is necessary. I get to the hotel and check in. This is where I am going to die. I take the time to think. To think about how things could have been different. But it doesn't matter now. Suicide is my only way to freedom. It's 6PM. I go to sleep. I wake up at 6AM. Yes, I've slept 12 hours. It feels good. I wake up and take a good shower. I go back to bed but this time I'll do something to make sure I'll sleep forever. I close my eyes. There's no coming back. The angel of death will knock on that door to set me free. I begin to cry but I'm not in pain. Freedom is close. I remember some important moments of my life but there's once special moment: that day in 2001 when it was my first year of middle school and I stayed late for the first time at school. I felt I was growing up. I made the mistake to think that some things last forever. They don't. The end is here. I close my eyes for the last time. I'm free. I'm free.
I (30m) am confused and lazy 6months after divorceHello! I have been divorced for a little over 6 months and with all the debt I allowed my ex to pile onto “us” and for me to take the majority of. I feel like I am sinking fast. We were together 10 years with 2 kids (7m 2f). She started seeing guys that came into the bank she worked at. After a year of “trying” and arguing/leaving. I told her I was done and to figure out who got what. She emptied bank account and asked me for money and I willing gave her money for bills. I never paid a bill. I had a crap lawyer who talked me out of 50/50 for the kids. I pay her way more then anyone else I know of per child. And I get my kids more. She makes more then what she told FoC. I make less without overtime. But somehow I pay her a lot and I still work a lot just to stay afloat. But I got a new g/f and of course she wants things for “us” and uses my great credit score to get things. Well now my credit score is dropping so much and she doesn’t listen when I want to pay off my past so we can work on the future. She always gives me crap about my ex but I just ignore her. Idk why I posted I just wanted to let it out. I am so confused! My g/f makes so many promises with money and never goes through with anything so I’m always getting late fees and miss payments on my credit. I work almost everyday where she hardly works at all but she makes more money then me. But when I put a little extra on a credit card she gets super mad at me.
E is for Empty.  There is a huge, gaping hole where your marriage was but it is only in empty spaces where there is room for growth.  What else in your life can be swept aside to make room for growth?  Do you have any other relationships or commitments that are keeping you from really being in touch with your best self or draining your energy unnecessarily?  Do you really need to be on that committee or are you just participating to please someone else or to manufacture an idealized social perception?  How much of your physical possessions do you really need to hold on to right now and what of your belongs actually just keep you busy or stressed maintaining them?  This is a great time to take out the trash, cut out the extra people, activities and possessions that don't serve your ultimate goal.  Delete the apps or social media that you're using to fill in those blank moments of your day and are keeping you from having to face your present reality.  Don't be afraid of the still, empty times, use them to learn how to grow.
Suicide is selfish?People have this belief that those who commit suicide are selfish. They're selfish for burdening their loved ones by taking their own lives. But what they don't seem to comprehend, is that people often commit suicide to escape the hell that they are living. To escape the remorse, guilt, depression, and anger that consumes their life. To hopefully, find peace knowing that they will no longer have to wake wake up every day with constant pain in their hearts. Therefore, I am preach that suicide is the path that people often take when they can no longer deal with pain. Stop labeling them as selfish or clinically mentally unstable. THAT'S NOT THE CASE. They are hopeless, fearful of a future, and so hurt that they would rather die than continue suffering. How does that make them selfish? How does that make them crazy...? Mourn those whose lives were controlled by suffering and pain. Pray for their souls to find peace and happiness.
So you think  I could go home and rest right? Nope loved in her loser sister and her kid. Her sister is a loser who cant hold anon down and always has an excuse on why she cant do anything. So she goes days without doing anything talks my ear off whenever she is awake ... she did finally find a job... part time of course and claims she has to sleep 12 hours a day cause she needs more sleep then the average person. So now when I get off work either I have to deal with her ot clean up the messes makes because she spend most of her awake time eating.  Then of course when her annoying whiney kid gets out of school I have to babysit free of charge of course us deal with my own kids.Then cook dinner more cleaning up wife comes on 2 hours later bed time and then bam bed time for me cause work in the morning. Loser usually works till 9 or opens. But she works only part time and it's so dreadful that she is always so tired. Let's ignore the fact we both work 40 hours a week plus give her free child care and cleaning services. oh and she left a Facebook post the other day how she could save 1100 dollars to buy a car she has no insurance for and has a suspended license... no thanks to the reason why she could save 1100 dollars... living bill and rent free in our spare bedroom and relying on food stamps for her only real expense beyond gas now.... just needed to vent.
I just got my monthly flyer from my HMO (called HealthTalk). In this month's edition, they have a section on depression. To quote them, "depression is a medical problem, like having diabetes or needing eyeglasses. It is nothing to be ashamed of..." Yet their policy won't cover any hospitalization or in-patient treatment facility for mental health issues. Also, there is a set limit on psychiatry visits and no coverage for therapy visits (even though this flyer points out how crucial therapy is for recovery). So no, they do not treat mental health like diabetes, and certainly don't treat it like a medical issue requiring medical treatment. The kicker is the section is with a picture of smiling doctor in a lab coat with a stethoscope saying he's here to help- yet he is a medical doctor in a hospital or medical facility, not a psychiatrist (just a guess given the lab coat and stethoscope)- the exact people this insurance policy gives absolutely no coverage to see.
Failed all my university classes. Just want to commit suicide nowI just found out i failed all my university classes \(failed 5 classes total\).  This is my 3rd year in engineering. I fked up big time and it's all my fault. You're welcome to tell me how much i fucked up in the comments, but it's honestly not what i need right now. I need some help to recover from this. I've been suffering from depression for 2 years now, but this semester got extremely severe. I was too embarrassed to go seek therapy, but i finally had the courage to and decided to go get help 1 week before my exam \(my fault again \- i wish i had the courage to seek help sooner, but i fucked up and was too scared to go\). It was only an assessment appointment \(so it didn't really help\), so im now put on the waiting list for 1 month now to see a therapist. I can't afford private therapy at the moment. My reasons for failing each class is due to my depression and also for the fact that I absolutely hate what im studying in university, and being forced to by my parents. Each exam i took, my anxiety was unbearable and i just wanted to commit suicide by stabbing myself in the neck with a pencil during each exam, so the only want to cope with it was to just close my eyes during the exam \(hence why i got a 0 or like 10&#37; on each one\). I am going to be given a letter from the school saying that I will be kicked out if i dont get a 2.0 GPA next semester. I  really fucked up my life and there seems to be no point in living even now. I've been wanting to commit suicide seriously for the last month or so, but after failing everything it may be the last push i need for it. Is there any hope? I feel so hopeless right now.
Goodbye.I hate fucking up all the time, I hate being a stuffed bear a 3 year old abuses for fun and screams "work".... I hate being forgotten, I hate being used. I hate the fact that I can't meet true friends. I hate the fact that when I do meet people, they stab me straight in the chest and throw me out like some god damn fucking stuffed animal. I absolutely HATE being here. I absolutely hate it.. I miss my old "true" friends... but they're all gone, away from me because of the piece of shit i am. I hate the fact that these "friends" all said they wanted to be there for me but left. Nobody knows my true deep thoughts because I hide it. Why? Because I can't trust anybody enough. I wish I could. People already shown that I can't do that. My dream is to die. I cold heartedly want to die. I always want to die. I'm filled with fucked up feelings and thoughts. I constantly live with wanting to hurt my self in any way  possible. I can't live with this pain. It's too much. It's too much for me to live with. I seriously can't even tell you the last time I was truly happy. I don't even know when I was happy. I can't tell you anything. I just freeze. I freeze up.. I hate having this null feeling. I hate having this extreme stabbing pain on my insides. I hate how people treat me like a doll. I hate that nobody loves me, I hate that nobody wants to be a true friend for me. I hate the feeling of STABBING PAIN. I hate the fucking fact that every time I try to do something "correct" no, it's wrong. I'm never perfect for anybody. I hate my family issues, I hate my medical issues, I hate my deep thoughts, I hate the voices inside my head. What you see is a fun teenager who enjoys socializing but no, Deep down I'm the complete opposite. I hate everything with a passion. I don't enjoy anything at all anymore. I hate how I feel all the time. I hate that I see so many people happy, but I can't. Yet I try so hard to make others happy-- while they last, because they all leave me. Throw me out like I'm some candy wrapper. I never smile in person either. Not once. Not twice. Never. I  can't live with anything anymore. I relate everything to death or self harm. Those are all I ever think about. It's all I ever want. I cry to sleep every night because of the pain on the inside of me. It hurts. It hurts deep. I truly want to die. I couldn't ask for anything else but death. God, if you hear me, please... Please kill me. Please god. Please. I beg you. Please kill me god. I'm tired of suffering. God.. please kill me. theres no point in trying anymore. im worthless, im useless, I'm not good enough. Im not worth the effort. im not worth the trouble. i want to die. i want to give up. i want to stab myself. i want to feel the pain. i want to feel the blood drip. I want to feel the excessive pain. i want to feel my heart stop. I want it to all end. I hate being alive, I hate breathing. I'm a waste of time, I deserve no effort. The bottom of my soul is empty with hatred and anger towards myself, the fact that a couple of people haven't left, they should. All I want is to die by feeling the blood drip down slowly as my heart stops. I'm tired of trying to tell others what bothers me, I'm tired of trying to get better when in the end I get worse. I'm supposed to be happy, I wear a fake smile to please others, but on the inside there's a demon. I'm tired of trying to cover up, I'm tired of trying to sit here and pretend to be fine. Those mental facilities are a joke, they never help. I can't live my fucking life, I can't live. It's not what its meant to be. It's not what its supposed to be. Hell has been calling my name for years, they want me to die. Hell is the place for me to be.
Flu+College=StressI’m in school right now, but I got the flu over the weekend. Decided to tough it out and go to class today, but at the end of the day, I felt so awful. Went to my professor for my 5 hour chemistry lab tomorrow not even asking to skip but just to work with a partner on the lab tomorrow so it would be just a litter easier on me, and he said “no, you’ll have to do it on your own.” I feel really disrespected and stressed by this because I am an A student in his class (and others), and he knew that I am really sick, and I’m trying my best. It’s not like I was asking to just skip the lab and not make it up, all I asked for was a partner to help me through it because I’m going to get tired, and I’m afraid my sick brain will miss something important along the way and mess up the experiment. I just feel so behind in the class after only one weekend of being sick, and I felt like I deserved a little more mercy than that after all the work I’ve put into his class. That’s my rant. If anyone has any advice or comforting words, I’d appreciate it.
What happened is, one day I get a call from her and she said HR wanted to see me. I go to see HR and they had pulled up a bunch of transactions where I had reversed fees for clients (when it was reasonable to do so), for new managers IN THAT branch that had started to work (they'd come and ask and truthfully it shouldnt have been done but what can you say when you're under pressure and scared to lose your job.. which looking back at it now, it wasnt even worth it the huge stress and mild depression it caused me) and also a few colleagues fees and a few times when I had asked my previous managers if I could have a few fees reversed (I know not supposed to but since I had asked managers and receipts were signed afterwards I figured it would be "okay"). Also, this is a thing everyone in that branch would do. Reversing fees left right and centre and theres been managers (this new branch manager too!) as well doing it. I have seen it with my own eyes !
I couldn’t figure out cross posting but I’m posting this in here upon the advice from the ADHD/Anxiety subreddit.I’m sorry if this isn’t fair to post this in here but I’m just reaching out all over the place looking for help or advice. I’m 24 and am just struggling to make it through the last two weeks of university to get my degree. My final exhibition project is crap, and my anxiety of having mentors and potential employers see it is making me feel like I should just lay down an die. I feel like I’ve wasted all these years pursuing this degree with the goal of becoming a designer but I’m just mediocre. I’m so unspeakably mad with myself for not pushing myself harder. For not fixing myself enough. I hate myself for being weak and not actually overcoming all my disabilities. People keep telling me to hold on to life but I don’t want to if I put myself through all this for nothing. I don’t want to become a statistic, I wanted to overcome and be able to do something I love and prosper from it. I feel like a fool for believing I could, maybe it was arrogance maybe it was just delusion.
It's sad becauseThis is my vent. My anger, sadness, and loneliness. It started when I was in middle school, I went to a new school which i only knew one person. There I got picked on for reasons I font know, I was the center of all the jokes. 7th and 8th grade I spent at a new school where yet again I felt left out. I had friends and groups but I was always just that kid tagging along. My best friend, or at least who I thought was my best friend, haven't talked other than playing phone tag for the last 3 years. That's a side note. I went to high school where again I had a friend group but in this on I was the butt of all the jokes and they talked behind my back, I knew all of this. But I had nothing better so I pushed my emotions deep down and took it. More recently I got a gf in senior year. My second gf, the first one lasted a month and she cheated on me.. This girl was like nothing I had ever thought of. She ended up being my best friend and we dated for 15 months. But it wasn't all good, she had a serious drug problem under the surface and I got wrapped up in it too. But she was the girl I loved and my only friend so I stuck with her because I had nothing else. I had wanted to break up with her because I hated what we did together but she was all I had. More recently we broke up 8 days before V day. We broke up because she had anxiety when we dated and couldn't take it anymore. Since we broke up I realized I had nothing. I'm sitting at home and it's only been a week yet she is at a guys house rn on v day. Like holy fuck I can't even begin to comprehend this. So yet again I'm sad, lonely and angry with no one. Ive tried hanging out with new people since but I don't feel anything. I lay in my bed unable to sleep. My job is going nowhere. I have no one I real life to talk to so I'm writing this on reddit and I don't even know why. I've looked at articles and posts and all this content on how to make friends, how to be happy, but in the end I'm not going to do any of that. I have nothing left in my life except for my family, and they are great. But there just not enough, I just feel like I've finally just been through enough. I hate just feeling like this, I've felt sadness for the last 9 years of my life, and I'm only 19. And I hate getting the you're so young it'll get better, like I've been waiting for a long time and it still hasn't why would it now... I really wish I just never existed, would have been a lot easier.
Meeting a lawyer tomorrowyou can view my post history for the latest. Long story short I left the house and contacted a lawyer. I meet with them first thing tomorrow to discuss my next steps. I \[32m\] and my wife \[28f\] have been together for 7 years. We have no kids, so no ugly custody disputes. The only shared assets we have are: the house, and my retirement fund. She is self employed, but her job depends on the space that the house provides. The tricky thing is that she can't afford the house on her own, but I can. Aside from hoping to get something in exchange for letting her maintain use of the house all i care about is getting the one of our dogs that I've really bonded with. We have 2 cats, one I've had since before we got married and one that she insisted that we get and is kind of an asshole. Not sure how the division of pets will work out. This isn't really a vent, but I guess that's where my head is at right now. I don't know how badly she will want to draw things out but I'm willing to pay almost anything not to see her again, if i can achieve that then I'll be the real winner.
I just wanna disappearI'm 17 and in all honesty I just want to disappear into nothingness really. I kinda just give up,I enlisted into the Navy i was happy about that but ever since me and my ex broke up I just feel like I'll honestly never love a person like I loved her again. Every relationship after that it just doesnt feel the same like I dont even love the girl like I should, I care about every girl I've been with in my own twisted way but its not like I loved them but I just "liked"  them. I'm tired of school and want to be home school till I go to basic training because I'm just not going to be able to do it. I feel like everyone is against me and no ones on my side.No one will ever understand how it feels to be betrayed and cast aside like trash. And now I've just stopped caring about everything I walk to school and home and work idc about the cars I'll walk thru traffic in the middle of a green light. Like I honestly i have nothing else left I'm tapped of everything. I'm so angry all the time I wish things could be different but it cant. People like to preach that highschool is the best years of you're life. I call it nothing more than hyprocisy, because honestly school has been the worst years of my life.hell i even hate being black I feel like that's 1 of things I hate about myself the most. Because I like girls outside my race (especially asians) and because of my race n skin I feel like I'm not even viable. I never really asked for alot in life. I hate the holidays because it's always spent with family and not a significant other (because I never have 1 around this time) and that stuff really gets to u. It sucks honestly. I just wish I had someone to talk to, to laugh with, cry with, and just spend time with I dont like being lonely. If you took the time to read this thank I just wanted someone to talk to ☹
DD, I admit, as you have said, that you are the person who treated me the best. The days with you were the time I felt most happy and secure. You accepted everything of me and tolerated all my weakness, always so supportive and tolerant to me even more than my parents, who would push me too hard and make me uncomfortable sometimes. You are only 2 years older than me, but you acted the roles like my father, my elder brother, my mentor and my best friend. It was you who taught me to cook when we got married. It was you who always listened to my venting. It was you who taught me to drive on real roads after i got license. It was you who always cared me and accompanied me. Whenever I was in need, you would help me in the first time you knew, physically, financially or emotionally, even it meant getting out of your warm bed in a cold winter midnight; or driving hours to another city to pick me up; or even walking me to toilet when I was sick. I never asked for that. You just did all those things so willingly and voluntarily. And also, you did so well in your career, being a self-made person starting from  humble background. I was so proud of you. I thought I was the happiest woman in the world. And I never took anything for granted. I was grateful. And I was trying to be a good wife and mother too. Though I had so many weak points and I was not perfect, I was improving. And we were just so happy as a family. And our daughter was happy too, and she was grateful to be living in such a happy family. Everything was so imperfectly perfect, until you destroyed it.
DD, no matter you admitted it or not, you were also the person who treated me most mercilessly. When the first suspicious things appeared in our marriage, you tried your best to hide them and lied to me. I always totally trusted you. So I chose to trust you, until the solids facts were found. The I phone of certain version had a bug and even the deleted messages could be searched and found and that’s how I found your affair for the first time. Then you said you hated Jobs leaving the bug and let your secret affairs leak. You cried, begged, and promised never to do it again. Then the damn fool of me chose to trust you again, hoping to give you, and me, and the family another chance. You acted so well as a repentant husband, letting me check your phone or computer anytime, telling me where you were when we were not together, and you even sent me the location of yours through the social media. And you endured all the temper of me, and you worked even better in the family. As time went by, I felt much better and thought we had gone through the crisis and we could build even stronger bond between us. I was wrong again. I found your secret affairs again by accident, with various women. It turned out that you NEVER stopped flirting and having sex with all women possibly available, only that you logged out of the app before you went home and you almost never used them at home and you had another cell-phone to exclusively contact them. In other words, you just did it more secretly. What ugly truth! I knew I had to give you up. I fell ill terribly. You were so cruel to me. You knew how devastating it was to me. It was killing me. But you still did it, repeatedly.
I thought I was past this.I'm 19. I've struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts since I was 14, but for the past year and a half, things had been a lot better. I thought I was past all of it because I finally felt happy and comfortable with myself. But these past few weeks, I've been in a low place and I feel so weak for it. I'm in a long-distance relationship and I keep having thoughts about breaking up with my boyfriend. Nothing is wrong, but I just keep thinking about killing myself and I know it would hurt him worse because I haven't been talking to him about how I feel. I have friends at my university, but my anxiety has been awful so I always opt out of going to do things with them. I feel like they don't like me and like they think I'm annoying and bitchy. I got drunk last night and a bunch of my friends from my dorm building were in my room but when they left I relapsed and hurt myself, which I hadn't done in two years. I hate myself. I feel so worthless. My friends went out tonight to celebrate a birthday and I flaked last minute because I had a really bad mood swing, but I blamed it on homework. I feel like shit for it. I feel like I'm being so selfish and hard to be friends with. They keep inviting me to hang out with them, but it makes me feel worse because I feel like no one could enjoy being around me when I'm like this. I just want it all to be over. I live by myself so I keep thinking about how I could just kill myself and it could be days before anyone noticed I was missing.
Christmas came up. I was still sad and depressed from everything that happened. Leka and I decided to have our families meet. We arranged a plan and got them all together.. They were so good to each other. His family is Tongan, and my dad is Tongan. My mum is Samoan mixed with white. They were all happy together and it was a good Christmas. Never in my life had I enjoyed Christmas, except for that one I will never forget. Few days after Christmas on the 29th Leka told me he was going to the beach. He messaged me “Good morning, if i’m not active together it’s because i’m with family x I’ll be back by 1pm” So at 3pm when I didn’t get his text I decided to text him, no reply. I waited and waited but hours past and I thought maybe he lost his phone or something. Then I get a call from his mother, expecting it the be him saying he lost his phone. I pick up to hear his mother crying her eyes out. Struggling to get the words out. I asked her what was wrong and she told me that he’s gone. I will never forget the way she said it. She had already lost a son early on in life. She told me that he got stuck in the wave and that his sister jumped in to try save him. They were both dragged out, but he pushed her away to save her. Leka, my boy. You are a hero. I thought that the police and everything would just find him. But they didn’t. Days past and they didn’t find him. They even gave up for a short period of time, they just gave up. I put my hands together, got on my knees and actually prayed to god. I really prayed. I prayed that our boy would return home and that we could lay him to rest in peace at least. After 11 days they found his body was washed up onto shore. It didn’t look like him at all. His body was purple and all weird. But still beautiful. Leka is mormon, so I thank god for bringing him home. I know that he is in gods arms. Words can’t explain how I feel. My life has just gone down hill. It’s always been so bad, before double digits even. and that’s not even the whole story. My school life is so shit. I left public school and started online because my anxiety is so bad. I feel like everyone talks shit about me and I just hate it there. My grades are so bad, my family is disappointed in me. I’m a disgrace to them all. I’ve been cutting my wrists badly , I can’t even remember when I started. I think it was just a little muck around on my hand when I was 11. But that still counts, it left scars till this day. I think I need stitches for one of my cuts on my arm at the moment but I cannot tell my family about anything. I can’t tell them that I’ve been self harming all these years. I have scars on my thighs, hand, and my left wrist. Also my shoulder because I thought i’d just see what it was like to cut there. I’m a failure to everyone and I hate my life.
My SBTX *IS* the love of my life. We met and I immediately knew; we married about 1yr later (almost 18yrs ago). We were always  different, it balanced us out; making us better. Early-on, I worked crazy hours but my SBTX was always invited to the office and was on the phone/video almost nightly. After a few years, my SBTX was hospitalized for a treatable psychological condition and was never the same (debilitating fear  & stopped caring with any consistency). The next year was an ongoing cycle rx changes, suicide threats/attempts and holding on as tight as possible. Over the years, my SBTX was coming back and the biological clock was ticking but it was clear that we needed help. After years of trying, multiple miscarriages and a crippling amount of medical debt... poor financial management to deal with the disappointment and other random health issues kept pushing us back to square one, I started going to therapy. I felt under-appreciated, used, neglected, forced, insulted, abused... Before starting, I gave an ultimatum for to find a psychologist. Repeated threats of divorce over 1yr and my SBTX finally started... that changed everything!
I've been depressed since I was 12. I'm now 25, already lost three long-term relationships because no one could deal with my depression. I used to be a happy, joke-telling child. Now I'm a semi-functional stoner that can't wait to die.EDIT: Hello everyone. First of all I would like to thank you all for sharing your stories and experiences and reassuring me that I'm not alone in this battle. I haven't had time to read through everything since my work schedule is a bit wonky, but I'll make sure to read everything and properly answer each and everyone of you as soon as I have the time for it. Special thanks for those who reached to me through pms, I'll surely answer and actively talk to each and everyone of you. I'm crying for the first time in what feels like ages because of you all. This is the first time I felt that I'm not alone, even if we are all just Internet strangers, thank you, thank you all so much, I don't think I ever received so much attention and support from anyone like that before.
My life has been one long endless hell with an occasional ray of sunshine.Hi. This is my first post to Reddit and I really wasn’t planning on making this my very first post. However- I’m really running out of options of what else to do. See, back in my late teens I was diagnosed with various mental health disorders which have plagued my life. I’m not saying they ruined they life. No- that didn’t happen at first. First, my families’ endless needs took over and instead of caring for myself I took care of them. Then, when it seemed that maybe I could possibly have a life - I started going to college and all seemed well- I found out I was pregnant. Anyway, I ended up having my son and I absolutely loved him but after a few years I was having severe breakdowns and hallucinations. I was scared how my mental state was affecting his mental health and well being and so I willing gave him up to his father’s family even though it broke my heart into a million pieces. From that moment on I tried desperately to try to get better or at least functional so that he could at least live with me again. However- when that time came he told me that he loved me but he did not want to live with me. Again my heart broke. So now I had no idea what I was supposed to do with my life and so after some time had passed ( I had been quite antisocial) I tried to make friends. While it didn’t go well at first I ended up meeting (let’s call him C.L.) C.L. So C.L. and I started out as friends and we were quite close. We spoke every day. Sometimes we spoke every hour we were awake. C.L. knew my issues and I thought he respected them but eventually he pushed for a relationship and honestly I would have backed down but I was starting to catch feelings by that time so I agreed. C.L. spent nights at my house and in ways started acting like we were in a relationship. In other ways- he would push me away. Because of my mental problems it drove me insane. I tried to take space so I could get some clarity and when I would he would freak out that I wasn’t talking to him. Finally I decided to come right out after months of this behavior and tell him how I felt. He reciprocated by telling me that we were just friends. We fought and I thought it was over. But weeks later C.L. contacted me and since then things have been weird between us. I know this is about depression and not about relationships but what C.L. is putting me through is making me severely unstable and borderline suicidal. I don’t know how to deal with this. I do love and care about him but I don’t know what it’s going to take for me to stop talking to him. I need to find something healthy in my life and this isn’t it.  Please help!!
Throughout my life I’ve envisioned myself in the midst of different actions at different points in my life. When I was really young I just saw a brave warrior who meditated on morality and mercy for those I loved who were causing me pain. I eventually grew to realize that the ones causing me pain would kill me if I didn’t take action. I broke away from them, or at least I intended to as soon as I moved to columbus. I constantly saw myself running as fast as I can. Later in life I could see a bat in my hand, I felt the weight of it. The bat represented of combination of anger and perseverance. I was ready and willing to bash in the first monster I saw ahead of me. Later I was in the fight, I had encountered monsters who posed as friends and an ex-boyfriend at that point, people who cared, I fought them in my mind, I defeated them and began a steep climb up a stone wall. Each ledge was four inches wide and two inches deep, with every bit of progress I was painfully holding on for dear life. The gravity that pulled me down was trying to learn to be a truss designer, a career I had flung myself into with no prior knowledge, and david, a now former boyfriend. He was exhausting in many aspects and was a terrible person for me, despite his love for me, he was incapable of standing on his own and I carried him up with me for quite a ways. Eventually I couldn’t take it anymore and I dropped him off on a large ledge. From there on it has been a mixture of climbing onto new ledges and beating away more monsters and jumping from stone wall to an adjacent stone wall.
So with the combination of loneliness and ramen noodle every night poverty, I decided enough was enough. I took my hunting rifle and started driving. I was out on a dirt road somewhere where I carefully put a bullet in the chamber slowly closing the bolt. I started crying thinking about my life and my family and girlfriend. I got the balls to do it and pulled the trigger.  *click* Nothing happened. I lowered the gun away and sat there for a long while. I slowly opened the bolt to my gun and ejected the casing with the bullet still seated tightly in the neck. I picked it up off of the seat where it fell and looked at it. The firing pin of my gun had fallen and struck the primer, but for some reason the primer didn't ignite the powder inside. So out of over 250 bullets, I chose the one that didn't want to go off. I was again crying at this point and more angry than anything. But I tossed the bad bullet out into the sagebrush and drove home. I sat and watched Netflix for an hour or so before my girlfriend got home. When She did, we made dinner together. She had just gotten paid and brought home fresh veggies and chicken. I broke down yet again in front of her and just hugged her. She had no idea what had gone on, but had known for a long while that I was depressed.
I don't know what I'm doing anymoreI'm a freshman in high school with mostly honors classes, and all A's as of right now. I can do my work, but I always end up doing it at the worst time possible. When I come home from school, I am always burnt out and exhausted, which I know is normal after a long school day. The hours that I have to do my homework/studying I always end up wasting somehow. Those hours seem to fly by so quickly for me. I end up starting on my work late because I simply don't have the energy, I don't want to do it, or I'm too scared to even start because the work looks insanely hard. Starting late means finishing late, not getting enough sleep, being tired the next day, and forming a chain reaction of sleep deprivation leading to starting on my work too late. I want to get out of this painful system that just repeats for weeks and weeks at a time, but I have never been able to do so all semester. Weekends, I think, should be some time to rest my mind from the horrific hell festival that is high school. But that is IMPOSSIBLE with the amount of work that is pressed onto me so much that I crack under pressure. Right now, I have a horribly difficult math assignment that I am far too afraid to start on now, 100 minutes of reading a book that I have not even chosen yet for English, 5-10 pages worth of typed work for History, and a shaded drawing of a Chinese building for my Art History class (I'm learning about Chinese architecture). Because of all of this work, I am totally in a panic. On a Saturday night, I should be having some fun or resting, but just look at what I have to do! I am so damn stressed! Any help, in any way, shape, or form, would be fully appreciated.
Someone said (on reddit) "you can be told you are worthless and useless so many times until you start to believe it". I realized that just now, yes I truly believe that of myself. When the fuck did this happen...long post sorryI've been on the brink of tears lately to the point that I get super anxious under times of pressure. I can't make decisions for myself and I can't figure out what I want. I'm mostly here to vent, but I'm mainly going through the motions eat sleep shit drink. I'm in my fourth year of school but due to laziness and indecisiveness I have 2 more years to finish. I haven't talked to my parents in a while, about a month... And its starting to get to me. I grew up with the understanding that whatever they say goes or get yelled at and belittled. All I ever wanted to do was please them and make them proud. I never tried to go against them, they are elderly so I tried so hard to remain calm an take their shit. I fucked up several times in my life but I want to believe they've forgiven me. Still, the last time I talked to my mom, she told me to drop out of school and move home for a while, so she probably thinks I'm just laying around. I feel so deflated and I feel like they don't know how hard I work. I have a part time job, 19 credits, a husband and a dog, my own car, and we are living all on our own. I couldn't even tell them about my husband for two years when he was my boyfriend. I am so tired of their belittling and yelling at me that I can't even have small talk with my parents. I don't want to distance myself from them, it hurts so much. I can't talk to my husband about this, he doesn't understand and neither do any of my friends. I was adopted also so I already thought that factors into my needing to make them proud because they took me in when no one else could. I feel like I am too young to be worrying about taking care of my parents. I'm 22 and my parents are 62 and 74. Plus I have one brother who's been in jail for about 10 years and I can't begin to describe our relationship. Nobody calls me because I distanced myself, moved across the state for school and I try to forget my childhood. If you read this, I wish I could give you gold. Plus my husband and I have been arguing since we've been working our lives away. Everyone else just tells me to do what I want, I am an adult but I know that's not what should happen. I feel like I'm going to be the one to take care of my elderly family members because I haven't gotten pregnant or be selfish. This moment I feel useless because if everybody isn't happy, I can't be happy.
Nonsensical dream rantIt’s like man! Why in the dreams do they always have to mirror reality! Why do I have to be this villain and everybody chasing me in the dream. It was so bad man that I flew away but everybody else was hauling ass  on me!!!! Then towards the end of the dream I told like four people that I know I’m the villain but I miss some people and I want to see them. As I was searching for them Outside the building and went to the right. I seen this apartment complex and seen some children. They looked happy to see me. I picked three of them up and was happy to be around them. And the other kids as well. But that was just 30 seconds of all that dreaming where it was good. I mean I know life is shit and I get that but why when in a moment where I can be somewhat at ease for at least five minutes like why can’t it be somewhat good! That’s all I’m saying. Those people in the dream didn’t even want to be around me at all. It’s like man this sucks ! Then back to reality. Back to the endless weird thought patterns, the flashbacks, and to everything else. If I’m lucky enough to dream again please oh please just let me experience some good for five minutes!!!! That’s all I want!!Please!!!!!
Does everyone experience depression at some point?I’ve never been the type to speak out on what I’m going through, but I’m at the point where I just feel lost (I’m 22 by btw). Life has always been good to me even through all the hardships I’ve always felt like I’ve lived a pretty decent life. I always felt like I knew what I wanted to do with my life even without knowing if that makes sense like I knew it would always work out. I played sports, always was out going and just a positive person in general then I started smoking weed when I was 16 and I just feel like my whole personality changed and not to sound like I regret who I am but I started doing things I used to say I’d never do but I feel like that’s usually for most people growing up. School always came naturally to me so I always made good grades with little effort but I started to  lose focus on school and more on having fun who’s trying to smoke, what parties are going on, trippin acid it just lead to me getting in trouble with the law,doing stupid shit, messing up my relationship with my mom, my ex girlfriend now. Fast forward I decided to leave my home town and go live with my uncle and basically started fresh but I just feel like I discovered a whole new sense of self but I’m also going backwards at the same time. I’ve lost my drive in school not because it’s too challenging more so because I feel like my life is stuck in a circle,I have little to no friends, I work all the time I smoke all the time cause I have nothing better to do, I’ve tried to quit multiple times,but all these negative thoughts just cause me to relapse. It honestly makes me feel weak like I don’t have any self control. I’ve had a dream of going to pharmacy school but after weighing the pros and cons I don’t know if I’ll ever be happy. We live in a capitalists country you’ll always be working for someone else, come out of school 200k in debt and pay more than 35% or more In taxes each year and I just feel like I’m working towards something I really don’t want when all I want is freedom. Ive been making beats for years and just don’t see how I can make a name for myself doing this and it’s starting to interfere with my school work and I don’t know if I should just give up something I truly enjoy and continue wasting years on a career I know I truly don’t enjoy. I guess the depression is coming from the idea of not being able to enjoy my life the way I want and being a slave to all my doubtful thoughts.
Mental Abuse bc of my Momi don’t know what to do anymore, my family is going through reallly tough times right now, you can’t imagine. and some way even though we’re all hurting, my mom still finds a way to mess with me. i don’t have any mental illnesses and my mom has none either ( not diagnosed maybe ). She continues to tell me things that i have seen or done that aren’t true. she’s telling me these things that are not true and trying to make me think they are and if i don’t she yells at me in front of my sister and curses at me as i’m crying in front of her because i can’t take it anymore. She tells me i don’t support my llittle sister and that i don’t love her ( she’s 10) and how i don’t show her affection. Except i do all those things, me and my sister are extremely close and especially now because of stuff. she said that because i didn’t show enthusiasm for her 8:30 am soccer game i have to go to. Another thing is that she thinks i met my dads “gf” which i didn’t even know he had, if he even does. she’s telling me i’m not telling her because i’m on his side and i should go live with them and she’ll take my sister and leave. i’m 15, i don’t want to be anywhere near my dad bc of the shit he’s done and this has been going on for 4 years now. she also claims i give her an attitude anytime i do something. today i took the pair of shorts to fold and she looked at me and said “ are you really gonna grab them like that? your a fucking asshole. your giving me an attitude after all this shit? you’ll be in fucking trouble” and i said no i didn’t. then she goes, “ yes u fucking are, your father is setting you up for this, your still trying to protect him. don’t you dare say ur giving me an attitude”. and every time i said i didn’t she would tell me to shut the hell up and to say it one more time. i would tell that i’m not and why would i, then she would chase me around the couch with her hand raised. she then tells me i’m self centered and i’m a fuck up and i’m fucking my sister up. And once everything has been said 10 mins later she acts like she did none of it. she asks me if i want tea and to watch tv with her. this all probably sounds so confusing but it’s mentally making me lose it. i cant do this anymore, i can’t balance school and my personal issues and family issues and her altogether. what do i do??   plz?
Do I have depression?I need to get this out, I have been holdin this in for a year. I think I may have depression, I am not sure though. I am hesitant to lable my self as depressed, because I don't really fall under the typical depressed person. I hate everything about me. I hate the future and how I'm a waste of space. I've accepted that I'm gonna be poor, working in grocery stores. I have no interest in things, I can't socialise with anyone. I look at my self and the future and start crying, in the middle of class. I love 4 thingss. My parents, and los angeles. I went there over the summer, and had nothing to worry about. I remember riding on the freeway, realising nothing was playing with my mind. That was the only time in the past year where I've been legitemetly happy. I've been happy two times, in the year. That was when I was drunk or high. The only thing I look forward to, drugs as they take me out of body. I took a depression test and I resulted in a score of 23/27. I debating to see a councillor. But knowing that the only reason, that they are doing it, is because I'm paying them, puts me of it.  The only plan I have is too get rich. I don't know if that says something. That I dont want to be happy just rich.
Why do I feel so numb and empty every second of the day?I feel so numb all the time and life just feels completely pointless.  What’s the point? Everyone’s going to die anyway and nothing matters in the end cause I’ll just be forgotten. Not that I want to be remembered, I don’t, in fact just have everyone keep ignoring me and my pointless metal heath issues.  I don’t want it to sound like I want attention, I don’t I just want to be listened to and understood.  And I’m not the woe is me type.  It’s just everything feels so pointless.  I just want to die.  Everything’s so numb and desaturated and I don’t know what to do.  When I listen to music it doesn’t do anything for me.  It’s like it’s blocked out of my mind, watered-down, like I’ve been numbed... I feel like I just want to feel something, anything, and maybe that’s why I self harmed.  Just to feel something in a world of emptiness.  It only helps for that moment then other feelings come Into fruition.  Like guilt and unimaginable shame. It sucks. But I’m not addicted.
I moved out here with my boyfriend about a year and a half ago, ever since then I have been struggling with money. I work at 3 different schools substitute teaching which we make on average 80 bucks a day. I work at a greenhouse over the summer where I make on average 6k during the summer. I am hurting so bad to pay for my bills it hurts. I can't keep asking my boyfriend for money, he makes about 50-60k a year. I make some extra on the side working at home but it's like anything I make gets sucked up into something. I realize being an 'adult' means expenses, I am 24, but I just can't get ahead and it's so depressing given what I used to have. I would pay huge lump sums of money into our home our here as we were building it, I have $60 in my savings right now and about $1200 in credit card debt. My boyfriend does not know what my credit card is at, but he thinks I have $100 in my savings. I don't. I had counted all of my change over the last few months to help pay for gas and everything else. My dog goes to the vet next week and I have to scrounge just to get the $80 bucks to be able to do that. I only pay $80 in groceries maybe $100 per week for two of us, my truck itself gets 10 mpg so that eats gas. I pay for the internet here, my phone, my insurance, and other bills and it's all I can do to even pay that every month. NO MATTER WHAT I DO I have to take any little bit out of my savings to pay for gas or even to be able to get to work.
I found out my wife was cheating with at least 4 men...and one woman. Then I lost my son.So I thought that I had the perfect life, little boy running around, house on a lake, pretty wife with a great job, and a great job myself.  I had the American dream, having served in the Marines and being seriously wounded in combat.  One night my little boy curled up next to me and the ex, asking for a story to be told to him.  I went into the total "dad mode", complete with voices, wild hand gestures, and faces that had the little man captivated on what was coming from his dad.  I noticed that my ex had been on the phone the whole time, and began to realize that something seemed....not quite right.  I noticed how angry she had been every time I found her phone, how the "grocery store runs", and "working late" had become a daily routine.  That is when she sent my son to bed, and began a tale that would ultimately cut me to the core, and devastate me for years to come.  "I'm being blackmailed", she seethed through tears, "someone is going to tell you something really bad, but I want you to know that it is not as bad as she is saying it is!"  I stepped into the bathroom, completely dumbfounded as to what she was possibly talking about.  At that exact moment my phone rang... a ringtone that sliced through me like a knife, and was never used on my phone again.  "Your wife has been sleeping with my husband for at least 4 years, has another boyfriend now, and all of them have had various three-ways with each other."  I soon learned that the "vacation" she took, to get a break from our very young son, was an excuse to use spring break to hook up with "randoms", since her married boyfriend had dumped her.  I found out that the "work trip" was an excuse for her, the girlfriend, and boyfriend, to go to a hotel together for a week.  I found out that my son is not in fact my son, which was the most devastating part of the entire ordeal.  The boy that I had seen born, the one that I called "little buddy", the one that mowed the grass with me, worked on the truck with me, the one that was attached to my hip for every second together....was essentially gone.  I have moved to another state, very far away, and spent years trying to piece my life back together, but I can't find myself dating anyone for more than a couple months, and I cannot bring myself to have feelings for anyone.  I have tried to talk to the boy that I call my son, but the boys real dad had the court order me to have no contact.  I still see his face when I fall asleep every night, hear his quick and light footsteps pounding down the hall to ask me what we are doing today, and his little voice telling me "I love you daddy, you are pretty much the best dad in the world I think.  We always have fun right?"....right kid...you are right.
I hated the entire experience.. I locked myself in the downstairs bathroom and just cried... I wasn’t exactly sure why at the time.. he decided he was going to the store, knocked on the door, I opened it and he seemed genuinely annoyed with me crying. He just looked at me and said “I don’t know why you’re crying” and left. We he came home, we went on the back-porch where he yelled and cried and scolded me for a couple hours... I was so confused and just crying and begging for forgiveness.. but he still wanted to keep this relationship up, I thought maybe he was upset that I was the one to do it first? Idk. Time went on, he was talking, snapping, doing whatever with other woman on his phone, and I was distracting myself on mine.. we got invited to a swingers party... it just happened to be on his birthday. I thought this was perfect, he can get what he wants, we can see what it’s like, we can replace that first back experience with a new one. While driving almost 3 hours to this party, we talked, we set guidelines, if one of us wanted to leave, we would, let’s stay together, we both didn’t know what to expect so we would just try to go with the flow.. we got there at 8, it was awkward. I was our DD so he started drinking pretty early. We played some “sexy” games, after the first one I was done, I said I wanted to leave. He did not want to go just yet. The games continued, my anxiety grew, my husband got more intoxicated. My husband and I were the youngest couple there... at 10 I said I really want to go I was tired blah blah blah.. he just brushed me off. It was weird seeing him kiss and touch so many other women... at 12 I started to get agitated, I texted him saying “I WANT TO LEAVE” there were a lot of people around us so I tried to tell him I was tired, we had a long drive and we needed to go, him and another man just kept telling me to drink an energy drink and chill, I didn’t want to and said no multiple times. Then they came back with one and waited until I drank some... the last game we played was like spin the bottle with action cards... he didn’t sit by me, he was sitting between two woman, one I could tell he was very interested in.. the game went on for over an hour, the last card I got was “makeout with the person to your right for 5 minutes”. So I did. When that was done I turned around and half the room was gone.. my husband was gone.. so I just continued to makeout with this man for a while because I really didn’t want to do anything else and I thought maybe he’d come back out to the living room. I don’t know how much time went on but the gut invited me upstairs... I kept saying no until I figured maybe my husband was up there... so I went with him and peaked my head in all the rooms looking for him... I couldn’t find him... I started to get scared but tried to keep my cool... before I knew it I was in a very bad situation... one I didn’t want to be in... one I barley remember... when it was done I went into the bathroom bleeding, crying, shaking.... I went to look for him again back downstairs... he walked out of a room, butt ass naked, looked right at me, nodded his head and went back in and shut the door...... I stood there in disbelief. I didn’t know what to do... I sat down for a minute... one of the woman was on the couch and I asked if it was okay for me to tell him I wanted to leave... she seemed confused by this and said “I guess you can knock on the door and say that?”... so I did. He responded with give me a minute... so I sat there... for 30 minutes.. all I could hear was them... was her... I at one point thought there was a third man in there.. “there’s no way he just left me out here, he’s probably looking for his clothes”.. eventually I grew a pair and went outside to my car.. it’s 3 am at this point.. he comes strolling out and I lost my shit. I screamed, cried, I said “we’ve been together for over 6 years, you looked straight at me, if you couldn’t tell that I was in distress by my face, than you either done care or you’re an idiot.” I asked if there was another man in the room with them, he said no... that hurt like hell. He punished himself... I hate confrontation so I tried to smooth it over as quick as possible... but I couldn’t... the damage was done... we slept together one more time after that happened weeks later... and I just couldn’t get into it... we weren’t sleeping in the same bed, I’d been on the couch for over a month. I kept saying I needed space and he wasn’t giving me that... so I finally packed his stuff and told him to go stay with his mom... I moved out of our apartment.. it’s been three months... we haven’t lived together... I can’t seem to tell him how I feel.. that I can’t forgive myself or him for this shit.. he says that he regrets that night more than anything and would take it back if he could... says he wants what I want now and is ready to talk about starting a family... I just don’t trust him... but I eventually have to talk to him....
I'm ready to be done.I've been "done" for ages now; I can remember feeling my first wave of heavy depression in 6th grade and it's only gotten worse since then. I'm 21 now, I've never been treated, and at this point I see no point now. I've never felt there's been a root cause of my depression aside from inheritance given that I could more easily name off family members that haven't had it than have. Of course, external factors do make it worse even if they don't cause it. At this point, I'm at a university and about ready to blow my brains out. I'm not one of those happy kids that came here and couldn't handle the stress; I've been in the depths long before I came here. It doesn't help that I have a massive workload right now and I can't come up with a reasonable excuse to miss a project/test without saying that I'm severely depressed. At this point, I feel no one around me understands and they constantly misinterpret how I'm feeling no matter how explicit I've been about it. I'm ready to be done, and I mean it in the realest sense. There's no one, nothing, here for me. My well of cop outs has run long dry and filled with dust, and it's time to throw in the towel.
The story begins with me and my wife meeting in high school. We met through a class and became friends after a while. Our sophomore year The week of Christmas I asked her if she would perhaps like to give dating a shot, she told me sure but keep it secret. Two days later she told me she wanted back with her ex and blocked me. Junior year I asked her to prom after we repaired our friendship. She says yes so I proceed to buy the things I need only for her to stand me up the day before. Fast forward to the end of the year we graduate (2016) #we graduated in May, this is July now# she messages me and starts sending me dirty pictures and what have you to get my attention and then after a week or so we met up at her house and she took my virginity and then didn’t speak to me after that. Fast forward to December of 2016, I’m dating a different girl and she shows up again but this time she tells me she truly does want to be with me, so I tossed away the girl I was currently dating (who I later found out was cheating anyway) for her. We dated for a month or so into 2017. While we’re together she always wanted to go through my phone but I couldn’t touch hers. One day I finally got her phone and found out she was still messaging other guys. The one I remembered most was a guy she used to mess with asking her to come over and instead of telling him she’s taken she says “maybe later”. Toward the middle of January she showed me a promise ring she wanted and so I went and got it. A day later she dumped me for the guy who was in jail when we first slept together. This time I blocked her. I went all of 2017 into 2018 without talking to her once. Well January 31st 2018 comes around and I find out the new girl I was seeing was cheating on me with about 7 people. I happened to work with her at the time and after finding this out I quit my job out of fear and anger and got so depressed I decided to unblock Anon ( my now wife). She meets up with me the next day after a date she was on. I was so torn up that I was ecstatic to see her. Two days later we begin dating again. After a month or so we got an apartment together. She blocked and deleted every guy she knew non family or professional claiming she had changed due to how shitty 2017 was for her. I went with it. On March 15th 2018 I asked her to marry me and we planned our wedding for May 4th 2019. 4months later in July, she tells me she wants to move the wedding to September 15th 2018 so she can be married before her friend. I reluctantly agreed since I wanted to be with her. So we got married and had some arguments after. Move us up to January 2019. I lost my job, we moved in with her parents, she adopts a PIT puppy knowing we will not be able to rent with it. I tried to leave once because of it but after I packed my stuff I felt so bad that I agreed to allow the puppy to stay and I’d deal with it. Here we are March 23rd. 5 days till we have to be out of our apartment fully. She is refusing to help move for the most part and as of recent has just been a colossal asshole. Over the past few months since we’ve been married I’ve constantly thought about leaving to be able to be free again. Her and I are very toxic people and when we are together we just destroy everything. We have racked in a fair amount of debt together, I traded in my car for one with both of our names on it, and we’ve maxed out a few credit cards. Her only concern anymore seems to be the animals and what she wants to spend money on. I feel like if I left I’d be more happy. I’d be able to finally push myself to get in a better shape, I’d stop having anxiety over her leaving or throwing me out, I’d be able to work and then hang out with friends again, and I’d be back in control. Through out this year she has stopped me from seeing all friends, she gets mad at me and throws an actual tantrum when things don’t go her way. My best friends wedding was a few months ago but she barred me from the bachelor party and even the wedding but when her friends came around best believe she was at both. If I do leave I’ll be sleeping on my dads couch and struggling to figure out how to I legally obtain full ownership of the vehicle? What do I do about her phone and iPad leased through Verizon through both of our names? How do I get past the feelings of regret?  There’s so much more to this but this post is already a book. We’re both 21 and we’ve been married 7 months. What would you guys do? I need my car as I’m a correctional officer and cannot miss work at all. She’s put me through tons of shit in this lifetime yet holds my unhappiness over my head and almost seems like she wants me to soak in it so I stay
He recently found out about my infidelity and proclaims to want to work things out with me, but has since sexually assaulted me as a form of “punishment” for my infidelity. I cannot and will not bring my children to a shelter, but I can’t stay with the man for obvious reasons. He is normal in front of the children, but I can’t stand to coexist with him in the same household knowing what he did to me that night. I live in conservative Indiana and know that I am in a “fault state”, but what are my chances of coming out of this on top given the abuses? I have a high profile volunteer position in public administration in my community, and would like to go into this with as much knowledge as I possibly can. I have a reputation to uphold, and I do not want my children to face bullies and gossip. Ultimately I would want child support and rehabilitative spousal support while I see about turning my volunteer work into a paying job opportunity. I do not condone my actions or pretend like I was justified in cheating. I do understand that what I did was wrong,  it at this point, I’d like to believe that him raping me while our children slept would outweigh my infidelity in the eyes of the court? If anyone has been in a similar situation (SAHP and infidelity) I would really appreciate whatever advice you can give on the matter.
She didn't mention the letter I wrote her. It was a good letter. Again, I asked her to start again, for a 'do over', to give us a chance and that I didn't even know what that meant. We would continue to live apart, we would continue to co-parent and all that but maybe just maybe she will snap out of this thing that seems to have all the signs of a MidLife crisis and realize I am actually a pretty decent guy and that maybe we could give it another go. I know she read it, I didn't see it in the trash or recycling, so who knows. She was friendly this morning and we had a good morning. So many times, I just want to scream at God (if I was a believer) "WHY?!!! Why does she want this?!! Why is this the solution?!!" Even up until the end, we got along well as friends, were good parents together, still had good sex (although that became an issue, sex became an issue towards the end for her) etc. I hear all these stories on here of vengeful exes and awful, shitty, vindictive people, people with massive mental disorders, addictions, financial problems, abuse, on and on and on and I just... I still can't believe it. Anyway I am rambling.
Battling depression is a skill. Here are some tips that worked for me.After battling depression over the last year, I have come to discover some tips that have improved the overall quality of my life. The first, and most important discovery, was a change in the way I perceived happiness. Before my bout with depression, I assumed that happiness was my natural state of mind and that being happy is just inherent. Happiness was my baseline, I didn’t have to do anything, and I just was content. Of course, this all changed once the darkness came creeping in, and eventually my baseline emotional state was grey. Here’s what I discovered; being happy takes effort. Being happy is a skill and needs to be worked on. Thinking that you can magically become happy, or not depressed, without changing any aspect of your life is absurd. Once I got my mind around this concept, I worked on my emotional wellbeing every day. It’s a lot like weight lifting. It takes a lot of effort, it isn’t easy, and it takes a while before you see results. However, it is completely worth it in the end.
The discovery of her affair was devastating.  Yet in amid the sea of mostly-awful emotions was something unexpected: a rekindled passion that hadn't been there in a very long time.  Our love life had been fading for years.  Somehow it had become normal for us to go two, four, even six months at a time with no passion in our bedroom.  I found the thought of her giving herself to some stranger while I, the man she had promised herself to, was left sidelined, jacking off in the shower every morning, brought forth an animal instinct I'd not felt before; I needed to possess her, to reclaim her as my own.  It was clearly something she had been yearning for as well.  We both yielded to our instincts for what would prove to be one final night together.  It was intense and animalistic.  It is a bittersweet irony that had we discovered this passion earlier, and admitted to what was missing from our lives, our marriage very likely would have been saved.
I’m just aloneI have no friends irl, I have about 5 online but they are barely on because they live their lives. I know it’s selfish. I go to school but it’s as if everyone speaks another language, never had anybody I could call a real friend. Every extra moment I spend alone is another step backwards, socially and mentally. I spent the entire almost 3 full months of summer alone, it’s just tiring. Each minute alone feels like an hour.  I feel different, different as in bad,  within the walls of my school, there is not one soul that is remotely similar. Of course I have people I talk to, but everyone  I talk to, it’s just school talk. I just want to be done with loneliness, there is no obvious thing I can do. It’s not anyone’s fault, I’m just a loser who in my short time in life, has over a year in hours on steam. I live and breathe games but I’m alone on that. I wish there was an alternative but I started playing so young and haven’t done anything else, so I don’t know anything else. I have to keep playing though. What else would I do? Talk to the 0 friends I have? If I had friends, what would I talk about? All I know is games. I have to play, it’s the only thing in life that keeps me alive. Idk man. Death sounds like the warmest hug there is.
I don’t want my post to be focused on the earlier part though. I would just like to stop and take a moment to appreciate everyone in my life. I have the most loving mother. She has been the foundation of my life. I love the rest of my family for being so supportive. Their care for me is immense. I thank them for all for their impact on my life. I thank my friends who have been by my side through thick and thin. I thank the doctors in my life who worked so tirelessly to help put my health back together. I cannot blame them for my issues. I thank my church for giving me peace and faith. I thank the mentors in my life who have tried to shape me to be a better man. I am thankful to live in a country with people who are willing to fight and die for it. I am grateful for the incredible freedoms I enjoy everyday. Most of all, I would like to give a special thank you to all of you who try so hard to help people like me. It makes me cry to see strangers in this community willing to support others strangers in their times of need and darkness. I want you to know that we need it. We need you in our lives more than you could even imagine. I appreciate everyone in my life who has talked me down so many times, and I’m sure the people you reach out to are thankful too. Your efforts to help those suffering from depression and suicide is the most selfless and valiant work performed in this world. Even if we push you away, please never stop. We love you and need you. I’m very sorry I have to do this, but I need to get this pain out of my head.
I need help pleaseMy girlfriend and I have been dating for close to 1.5 years and we’re both in college rn. I love her so much it’s just I’m not sure how to handle her sometimes. She can go from being the happiest and bubbliest person to being sad and upset and snappy on the turn of a dime. This is not her fault, she has major depression and but her parents do not pay for her medication and she can not afford it herself. I understand why this happens, bc I have depression as well and I have to same symptoms from time to time, I just internalize my feelings frequently. Sometimes it feels like I’m dating two people honestly. She completely changes and is unintentionally rude at times then breaks down crying after realizing what happened. I’m honestly afraid she is going to kill herself bc she talks about wanting not to live a lot. This cycle is just emotionally draining. Has anyone gone through anything similar or just have general advice? Leaving her is not an option, I want to do everything I can to help her, I just don’t know the right way to do it.
But even with all of these things, I still feel so hopeless. You would think that all these positive changes in my life would help me, right? This was my first relationship/love and hers too, I felt like it was never going to end and the fact that I put so much effort and energy into going over there to be with her only to be told “never mind” basically shatters me. I’ve been no contact with her since. She was my support, she was my only friend, the literal only person I spoke to outside of my family (all my friends moved away for school). I just feel like I have absolutely no one, I can’t stop checking her social media and I keep seeing posts and likes pertaining to her being interested in someone else and open to starting a new relationship. I feel so inadequate. I’m able to admit that I was codependent but I never suffocated her or bombarded her, I always gave her her space and alone time. I never laid out all of my problems on her, she was just willing to help because she knows I can find myself in a bad place from time to time. Every night that I go to sleep I just wish and wish that I’ll wake up and find out it’s just a really bad dream, and on those same nights I’ll sometimes wish I won’t wake up.
Now for my dad. This past February, he came to the states for a visit to see me and my sister. While he was there (beginning of February), he informed my sister and I that he is now seeing someone and wants us to meet her the following weekend (my birthday). When I asked him (twice) how long they had been dating, he never gave an answer and just ignored my question and kept talking about whatever. Now he told my mom that there was never someone else and he told my sister and I he never pursued this woman until he considered the divorce final (I noticed he specifically stated it was when he CONSIDERED the divorce final). Now this lady lives in the exact same city he has been traveling to for years and where he currently lives, works in the same office, both have the same job, love the same stuff, etc. I believe he had an affair with this woman because of how fast he wanted to introduce her to his kids and with how the last few years have gone. When I met her and now hear from her, my mind goes blank and I get uncomfortable and sort of angry. My responses half the time are random comments (one time I said “I am petting my cat” instead of responding to her calling me pretty). I see them giggling and snuggling together and I want to throw up. I am glad he is so happy and I know was very nervous to open up about her but I just can’t help but hate her at the moment. Would you want your child to talk to you about this? I am so glad he is as happy as he is because I have honestly never seen him like this with my mom. I also know this feeling will go away over time. With me having fairly limited contact with her, is it better I just leave it be? I tend to only her from her if I get him on the phone/video chat while he is with her and it is usually just a hello or she sits in the frame snuggling with him.
Now i'm also feeling (andlooking) like absolute dogshit, which robbed me of my confidence , and physically i'm an old man at 32. I 'm still traumatized cause i have huge ugly lump on my forehead from nice ol dad beating the fuck out of me, and its there forever. Imagine walking around with a tennis ball on your head. "sexy summer time" it aint gonna be. They laugh at me cause i have ugly teeth (i never got taken to a dentist, e-ever when i was a kid, now i'm just, yuk). I'm all wrinkles like an old man, its so unnatural people look and stare at me and dont want to hang out. Its because of the stress, the neglect, i dont know. I dont live unhealthy so i dont really know anymore. Its like god is laughing at my face disguised as the devil. They FUCKING LAUGH AT ME BEING SICK. Or they harass the specialists in the hospital that i'm lying or this or that, or drug addiction (which i do NOT have, i dont even drink). And oh, all the beatings never happend guys! i'm just lying.
I got arrested buying drugs off the darknet that I intended to kill myself with via overdose and now I am facing a felony and 5-8 years in prison. Whats the point in continuing on?I have been depressed for a third of my life (the last 10 years).  I have attempted suicide by overdose (opiates, benzos and alcohol) 3 times in the last 4 years.  The first time I woke up the next day and continued on like nothing happened.  The second time my parents found me and EMT s were able to narcan and resuscitate me.  The third time I overdid it on a benzo analogue with not enough alcohol or opiates to stop my breathing and ended up coming to 7 days later.  I don't know if I was unconscious for those 7 days or what but I was incredibly week, dehydrated and disoriented.  That was almost a year and a half ago.  Every time I survive I try to give life another shot and every year I find myself worse and worse off.  I know I am incredibly lucky but I wish I succeeded the first time and someone more deserving survived their suicide.  I feel like I am in the movie office space, everyday feels like the worst day of my life.
I don't want to paint her in a bad light. I know I am not perfect. We were/are a great team. She is a great mom, but I think she will struggle on her own. I love her, I think she still loves me. I think she is going through something. I want to help. I know I can't MAKE her happy. She is seeing a professional. She told me she talked with him and he just said to make sure she meant it. I am shocked that he wouldn't try to help her see the gravity of a divorce. She thinks the kids will be fine. She thinks she will be better able to maintain a house hold alone. She says she loves me but she needs to find happiness with out me. She said she doesn't want to try to work things out and wants to move quickly to lessen the hurt. I don't want her to push a bad idea that will make things exponentially worse for entire family including her. She has a few close friends that encouraged her to "do what ever she needs to" but none of them are not good examples of marriage for separate reasons. She said she has been thinking of it for the past year and I just need to accept it. I shouldn't bully her into trying to work it out.  She needs to be happy.
Recently I was in the hospital for (another) suicide attempt.  Feeling so unappreciated all the time was a factor.  When I stated this, that feeling unappreciated by certain people was one of the things that led me to that point, some of those people, who I thought actually liked me and cared about me started giving me the cold shoulder.  They got mad at me saying I was blaming them for my suicide attempt.  I couldn't wrap my head around it at all, if I knew that I'd hurt someone like that I'd do anything I could to make it better, and they just...started acting like I didn't exist.  People that I'd trusted and done so so much for, people who I thought actually cared.  They were mad at me for being hurt by their actions.  That whole thing imploded and all those relationships are over now...none of them have even bothered to check in with me to make sure I'm okay.  Spoilers, I'm not.  And now I'm worse because I cared about those people and thought they cared about me and I fucked it all up.
My STBXW and I have known each other since high school and dated on and off through our college graduations.  Around the 7 year mark in our marriage she suggested an open relationship.  We had our problems. I was bored and complacent, she wanted more attention and another child.  I agreed to the open relationship since it was an easy way for me to satiate my boredom.  Long story short, it didn't work out well for either of us. She wanted to work out our relationship and I didn't.  But we tried a little bit anyway. The amount of resentment and anger led to us moving into separate places. She moved a few states away for work and seems to be doing better while I stayed local with our kid. It has been nearly a year since then.  It took me a while to muster the courage and file for divorce, but I did and the court date is coming soon. She still wants to work things out and we are still good friends, but I can't shake the feelings that this is either the right thing to do or the cowardly thing to do.
RantI don’t even know where to start here. Where my problems even begin. I guess it would probably be easier to start with what’s right, that would be a shorter list. I’m alive. I guess that’s at the top of the things I’ve got going for me. But in my messed up brain I suppose even that could be misconstrued to be a negative. Not a day goes by where I don’t have to fight to stay alive. Yeah, that sounds a bit dramatic. But I can honestly say it's true. I struggle to get up in the morning. To even do the simplest things such as brushing my teeth. I honestly just don’t have the energy and I could not care less if it gets done. I have to force myself to practice good hygiene habits. I used to be so obsessive about showering, brushing my teeth, washing my clothes, just any of the normal daily things that people do in their lives. I want nothing more than to just sleep and ignore the rest of the world. Because nothing else matters. When I crawl into bed, and turn off my light, it’s just me. I *love* being alone. I also hate it. I am so incredibly lonely. Words can’t describe how much I just want a friend that I could have here for whatever stupid little thing I need to talk about at the time. Or to just hangout with and not be alone all the time. I feel like that’s where a lot of my problems stem from. I bottle absolutely everything up. I don’t talk to anyone. I've had and lost so many friends because of stupid shit. I have literally zero friends right now. Being pushed around, taken advantage of, anxiety, and depression just make me not want to put myself out there and make new friends. I just don't know anymore. Thank you for letting me rant.
I am in my late 20's and my husband in his mid 30's. We've been together for eight years, married for three. I first noticed a change after the two year mark. We were never the "annoying" cutesy couple who couldn't take their hands off of each other, and never displayed our affection publicly, but we always did at home. We always told each other we loved each other, how much we appreciated them, cuddled almost every night. But randomly it kind of all went away. His excuse was that he gets really hot at night and he was "suffering" being so close to me. I asked why the sudden change and he said he's always felt like that but he just dealt with it to make me happy. Okay... no more cuddling, we moved on from that. Eventually, somewhere along the lines, though, all words of affirmation stopped. No "I love you's", no "thank you for doing this" etc. as well as no hugging, no kissing, no hand holding, nothing. I just learned to deal with it I guess. The following year we got engaged and the year after that we got married.
And, if I'm honest, still some hope.  I'm not sure what the hope is about.  It's partly a denial of reality I guess.  I can articulate that my STBXW has moved on, and I know it to be true.  I also fully know and believe that I don't want to be with somebody who doesn't love me or want me.  I would never want her to change her mind b/c I convinced here or out of guilt.  She will not do that anyway, but some people . Yet a part of me still holds onto a shred of hope. I think fully letting go of this is what takes the most time.  While I don't know who or what she is doing with her social time it does help me to think that she is dating, sleeping with other men and perhaps has found somebody in particular she really cares for.  That may not be the case, but feeling it is good for me.  Part of me wants that for her because a part of me truly and generously wants her to be happy.  But part of me is also pained by that thought.  That's the part I'm trying to let go.  That's the part that is likely part unhealthy attachment, part ego/rejection, and part actual, real love.
STBXH has said from the beginning that he wants the divorce to be over quickly and amicably with as little drama and nonsense as possible, but his actions have rarely matched those words. Taking nearly a month to serve me with divorce papers, pumping drama and lies into our friends' ears, playing silly games with the mail and the bills, near constant passive-aggressive attention seeking, wild mood swings, the whole bit. Meanwhile, I've responded to everything in timely manner, I haven't given into the tactics, I've kept my cool in all but one situation (responding to a violent outburst from him by yelling back) haven't said one unkind thing about him to "our" friends (only confiding in my closest friends) and have been flexible when it comes requests from him to come over and get things, or talk on the phone, or meet. He has put off a meeting in which we were to discuss either how to divide up property and other assets and/or discuss a possible reconciliation (which is a recent development) four times now.
I am now (well, I have been for nine months, really), a full-time single parent with sole residential custody of our five-year-old son. We share joint legal custody, but I have 100% of the overnights. Increasingly, over the course of her affair, I had been the primary parent, and based on advice that I saw in this forum (and elsewhere) I began keeping close track of how much time we each expended on basic parenting duties--who prepared his meals each day, who got him to school and picked him up, who put him to bed, did the laundry, how much time each of us spent with him together and alone, and so on. Even before she left I was doing most of that, and actually seeing the disproportionate nature of that in black and white had a pretty big impression on me. She had various concerns about her AP and his safety, and the place that they lived was not suitable for having overnights, so once she left I had full residential custody in practice. When that was written in the agreement she resisted the wording--she wanted to keep the situation as it was (she agreed that the place wasn't suitable for overnights for a variety of reasons), but wanted the agreement to \*say\* that we had 50/50 custody, in case, I suppose, she ever changed her mind or (what I really think) in case the fact that I had full custody would make her look like a bad mom. But I shot that down, and said that the agreement would reflect the reality of the situation, but that I would (and, indeed, I remain hopeful that we eventually can) gradually work towards a more even split once her life and living situation stabilize. (I would have been willing to write that into the agreement as a shared understanding and goal, but she declined.)
Don't tell me I can.This is single-handedly the most stressful time I've been in my whole life. I wasn't planning on writing this, I just randomly got the idea. I guess my mind is so desperately looking for ways not to actually do what it has to do and think about what it really should be thinking about that it got so excited over signing up to reddit, on a random Sunday night, sitting in my best friend's kitchen, listening to Jadal's leader singer blurting about how he is scared of commitment - on replay for the past 4 hours - and reading the notifications I keep getting from a group chat that my friends made to plan an international video call tonight. I was supposed to part of that video, I said yes when they asked me if I can do it. That was last Wednesday, though. I guess you can know your plans and meetings ahead, but you can never anticipate your rendez-vous with a stress or a depression episode. Even if you anticipate it, I don't think it's possible to correctly estimate the intensity, to estimate exactly how you will be feeling. I feel like crap. That's what I have been saying since I woke up today. I feel like crap, inside out, I look even 7 levels worse. * sighs * There is a metaphor about how you'd feel like an audience at your own play, sitting in the front row passively watching your life pass by? But you are not completely passive, you get to actually get affected, deliver emotional reactions such as anger, pain, etc... Yet, it's like you are invisible, or maybe you are trapped inside Sandy's bubble of glass, you try to shout but no voice is coming out. All you can do is cry. Tears have been my answer to " How are you? " today, because damn it that is how I am! It hurts. And I don't want to talk about it but I need to talk about but it hurts to talk about it and it hurts even more not to. I tried everything, to distract myself, to change my mood.. I mean, everything that I can. In a better world, I would probably go for a swim. Nothing helps like the sea. They say swimming actually makes you feel better because once you get into the water you get to feel how impossibly broad and boundless the sea is and how small and insignificant your problems are, a drop in the ocean. I've never swum in the ocean though. I live by the Mediterranean, which is good for me because oceans scare me. Sharks scare me. Drowning scares me. Not finishing my thesis scares me. I think that's not what scaring me though, not the thought of not finishing but being stuck. I am stuck and I can't unstuck myself. In a better world, I would have gone for a run. But I don't run, except from my responsibilities. In a better world, I would have gone to the gym, sweated it out, took a cold shower, had a healthy meal and resored my brain chemicals to be at my most productive state and wrote the whole damn thing. In a better world, I would have met my thesis-fellows and went to a fancy library that offers free WiFi, sat in a quiet corner and started working, sipping on our Frappuccinos. In this world, I tried everything in my reach, I moved across the country for this, I moved away from all the stress-promoting things/ people in my life and surrounded myself by the best support system anyone can ask for. There is even a dog in the house who keeps giving me serotonin and oxytocin. But it's not working now is it? Look at me! I am just here sitting, writing lyrics all over my body, ignoring the dozens messages of people checking on me, worrying about me, supporting me, encouraging me.. and I am just like 'nah'. I mean, you can't tell me something I haven't heard before. You can't tell me something I haven't already told myself. And don't get me wrong, I am very grateful for all my friends, and some of my family but it's not working. I feel like that is not what I need to hear. I don't know. But don't tell someone who's drowning " you are strong, I know you can swim ". I don't know what you should tell them, I don't know what you should tell me but don't tell me I can. Tell me you understand, tell me you get me, tell me you feel my pain or something. Just don't tell me what you learned in the movies and the t.v. shows that should be said in situations like these because that's bullshit. * sighs * On another note, just look at me! I wouldn't write a word for hours, my hand was freezing, my mind was blocked.. but when I decided to write about something else, I couldn't stop :D That's how insane it is. That's how crazy my mind is driving me. You know what is it that I can do? I can write a 5 page academic essay on why I shouldn't finish this damn thesis but I can't write one more sentence on what the findings of the study revealed. So don't tell me I can. Because right now just thinking about it makes me feel sick to my stomach. And I don't know what to do. So, here I am.. just watching, as the song starts again..
Dealing with stressI'm a student on summer holiday and in order to get a nice looking CV, I signed up for voluntary work during Easter in a hospital. Also signed up for aviation camp because why not. Everything was fine and dandy until i decided all these were unpaid work experience and I needed some pay and interviewed for a part time job in a local fair ( Basically all-year indoors winterwonderland . Now the rules of the company is that I need to at least work one weekend per week, and the hospital has trainings nearly every 2 days. And aviation camp is 5 days per week for 2 weeks. Seems all planned out and neat? Well here's the kick up. I've been working 10 hour shifts everyday for 3 days now despite being a part time employee and instead of being an "attendant" I am basically repair man / cashier / cleaner and warehouse management. All for about 5 quid an hour. Its really doing a toll on my legs and head, and this is me working at ONE place. Now the hospital needs me to go work morning shifts too, I basically have to shift my actual job to late shifts or other weeks, which cause 2 problems. 1. I wake up at 7 for either places of work and return home at at least 1am. 2. I have to shift my hospital shifts to later weeks as paid work has timetables I take priority in, and it clashes with my aviation camp. Long story short, I put too much on the plate to eat.
Stay Together for the KidsFirst post on Reddit and it's a sad one. My husband and I have been married for 5 years. We have two small children together. When I was pregnant with our first, I caught him sending inappropriate messages to a girl on Reddit (ironically enough). If you knew my husband, you would not think he was capable of that. He's not your typical offender for this. He said it's because we weren't being intimate and I was tired all the time (8 months pregnant when I found the messages). I "forgave" him and stayed. I have never really let go of the hurt I experienced from that. We fight all the time. He never puts down his phone and has a terrible spending problem. We just finished filling for bankruptcy at the age of 28. About 2 years ago, a friend of his (a girl) who was the "best woman" at our wedding came back into the picture. She had originally been asked to leave the picture due to the inappropriate ways they interacted with each other. It was to the point that people thought they were dating and I was the awkward third wheel. When she came back into the picture, I asked him to only hang out with her in large groups with me there. One night he was late getting home from work. I called him and he said he was finishing up mopping the restaurant and he would be home soon. I heard voices in the background so I thought nothing of it. A couple of days later, I found two movie tickets in his jeans pocket from that night. He admitted he was with her but he swore on his life that he just felt hopeless and needed someone to talk too since we weren't communicating well. I told her she had to be out of our lives and he agreed, but never deleted her from social media. I won't make him delete her because I want him to make that decision himself. Fast forward two years, I am still harboring a lot of anger towards him. I envisioned such a different life for myself. I always wanted to be married and to be a mom, but I want someone to be head over heels in love with me. He says that's a fairytale, but my sister has been married for 5 years as well and they act like they were married yesterday. Their communication skills are out of this world. When my husband and I were dating we had this. He used to be the most kind and genuine person I've ever met. I am not without fault for sure, but I keep begging for him to talk to me so we can work on things. When we talk he just sits there staring at a wall. He refuses to talk to me. The only form of communication he will use is fb messenger. Neither one of us can read each other's tone over that and nothing ever gets solved from that. He was raised by his grandparents due to his parents being crappy people so he has a lot of deep seeded parental issues. His grandparents hate each other so he never grew up talking about problems. They just ignore them. I am a product of divorce and I swore I would never do that to my kids. Part of me feels like I still have love for him in there somewhere. If I could get us back to the way we were in the beginning, I feel like everything would be ok. I just don't know what to do. I feel completely lost. I also have no friends to talk to about this. Hoping Reddit can give me some advice. Sincerely a sad mom
Stop vicariously living through your ex-spouseI have been separated from my ex-wife for a little over three months now, the reasons we separated are still pretty unclear to me, the one thing I have found most helpful is to disconnect everything that once was.  I moved into a new apartment, I bought myself an entire new wardrobe, I deactivated Facebook, ultimately anything that would jog my memory back to think of her I got rid of.   It's an expensive process but the end result is so worth it, I can finally wake up in the morning and feel like I'm back, I no longer pathetically go on Facebook to look at old pictures of us being happy, I no longer wake up in the middle of the night only to lean over and have the gut wrenching sensation that no one is next to me.  If I could give anyone a piece of advice in black & white is that this is divorce, it's not sugar-coated, someone is so unhappy they are leaving and you have to accept that.  If that means you have to completely disconnect from them to better your mental health, don't feel guilty, you two are no longer connected, you have to live for yourself.   Granted, there will be days where you'll be at 1% of energy levels, take the days as freebies, take a day off work, go for a hike, do something to keep your mind off of stuff, and on those days when you feel so depressed and down, remember the days when you felt good and help them pull you away from the grips of anxiety and depression.  Each day will get easier, and the less you communicate (especially in the early stages) of divorce the better.
The Second court date was around my second year in the new school. I was 17 I was defeated. I started slipping. I started giving up. My grades showed that as well as my actions. I ended up being caught with half an ounce or week and would have faced jail time but since the principle liked me and understood me he only asked that I sign myself out of the school entirely on the spot and no charges would be laid. I agree and my mom came to pick me up. I cried all the way home know what I did was wrong. I knew It was my fault. I did this to myself. A few weeks before my mom got me a job as a child care provider so that day she just dropped me off at work. No time for myself to comprehend what I just did to myself but forced to put on that fake smile and work with kids. just so you know, No I did not have any proper training to be working with kids and was never giving and training to deal with kids. The whole group home was shady even before my mom started working there when I was born. So all in all it was not a good place. Period.
In the recent month, I feel like I'm going crazy. I never think that I have depression or anxiety, because I never checked. My family would think that I'm crazy if I say that I'm mentally unhealthy. For the last month, I'm having internship at a hotel. I'm 19, so the internship only takes 3 weekend days per week. But the workload at school is killing me. I can never leave my mind empty, because there are always works to do, and I don't have any day off. Working in the hotel is not really helping either. After 9 hours of constantly walking with no water or time to go  to the bathroom, my body just shutdown wherever I'm home. Every time I talked with someone there, they always said that they are unhappy. That I should have choose something else. I'm doubting myself and my choice to study this degree. Eating have never been so difficult. Never in my life have I been in a place where people judge my looks so bad. When I was trying on the uniform, 2 women was talking very loudly from the end of the room:
If there was a way to commit suicide that didn't cause anyone to feel sad or grief or miss you, would you take it?(VENT INSIDE)This question has been on my mind most of today. Nothing has been going right, I try my best and still fail even though this mostly pertains to my math class. I try so fucking hard and I can't manage to pass any quiz or test. After that I came home and skipped my internship because I was in such a bad mood. I started playing games and could not win for the life of me, thay or I won and lost over and over. It has me feeling like shit, I just  need a win in something, games, math, whatever. I feel like I have a purpose maybe once a week in my computer classes when I can help others but even this last Wednesday I could not understand it myself. On top of all this my heart physically hurts, I don't know if it's all the anxiety, the depression, or the suicidal thoughts. I do not know how much I can take before I stop caring about other people's feelings and kill myself.
Invitation to complete an anonymous online research survey regarding mental health treatment preferences (repost)Hello, You are invited to complete a survey for a WMU psychology department research project designed to assess treatment preferences among adults seeking treatment for a variety of concerns. We hope to learn if and how preferences for treatment change over time, and if patient’s perception of their treatment’s match to their preferences is related to the benefit received from treatment. The survey is open to anyone ages 18 or older who is currently engaged in mental health treatment for at least one month and four therapy sessions, and not longer than one year. If you choose to participate, you will be asked to provide some demographic/background information, respond to survey items about your preferences for treatment and how they have changed over time, and about your quality of life. The survey may take between 30-40 minutes to complete. Your responses to the survey items will be anonymous and kept confidential. Clicking the “SURVEY” link below will take you to a page asking you to read through a consent form explaining the purpose of this research, the content of the survey, the type of questions you will be asked, the amount of time it may take to complete the survey, and the risks and benefits of your participation. At the end of the form you can click “AGREE” to consent to the use of the answers you provide and to begin completing the survey. Thank you for your time and interest. https://wmichcas.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_afS6lEMGYYG0JjT Project Title: Treatment preference, retention, and treatment outcome at a university-based outpatient psychology clinic Principle Investigator: Scott Gaynor, Ph.D. Student Investigator: Chelsea Sage-Germain If you have any questions prior to or during the study, you may contact Chelsea Sage-Germain, M.A. at Chelsea.e.sage@wmich.edu or (269) 387-4497 or Dr. Scott Gaynor at (269) 387-4482. You may also contact the Chair of Human Subjects Institutional Review Board at 269-387-8293 or the vice president for research at 269-387-8298 with any concerns that you have.
And before that, I had a mother who provided that level of comfort.  And because of that I never really, truly learned to love myself or make myself happy.  I never really learned to be my own man, in charge of my own destiny.  Oh, sure, I lived on my own before I was married, and I managed to cook, clean, take in my dry cleaning and pay my rent . But at a deeper level I never learned to take care of ME.  I never learned to look within as the source of happiness.  And when I was single I was looking for a wife.  And I eventually found one.  And my main motivation, even though I wasn't aware of it, was, "what can she do for me?"  "What validation and support can she provide."  Now I do not mean support in terms of finances and cooking and cleaning (though, in part, that was an aspect of it).  I mean support at a deeper level as in provide love, validation and emotional comfort.  I was looking at relationships and potential mates through the eyes of "what's in it for me" and NOT "what can I give to her."  The latter is the only way to create a real relationship.
It's 3:14 AM right now.I'm laying in bed and my mind is racing. I'm crying, and I don't know why. That's what I hate most about depression. The fact that I cry for no reason. And I hate that I feel like I can't breath and everything is dark. With depression, the brightest, most sunny days will look like storm clouds and rain. I hate the thoughts that run through my head. I hate the fact that I'm 22 and I still think about killing myself even though I smile every day. I hate that I feel so alone even though I'm surrounded by people. I hate that I feel unloved, even though countless people love me. I hate that I feel like I'm not capable of being loved even though I have a fiance who would melt just because I smiled at him. I hate that I can't sleep without depression knocking on the door. I hate that I can't eat without depression asking to come in. And I hate that I've had this since I was 8 years old. No normal 8 year old tries to kill themselves because they feel useless and unneeded. I don't want to die, I just want to stop hurting. All I want to do is sleep.
Divorcing (long)I'm currently in the middle of a divorce with my wife of nearly 3 years. Shortly after marriage, there was decline in sex. I was watching pornography. Our conflicting schedules didn't help any, and for a long time I resorted to this and tried to hide it. Thing's were pretty good for a while. After we decided to get pregnant, I wound up in an online affair with an old acquaintance across the country. She found out a few weeks after giving birth. Tool it very badly. Tool off out of state to her parents. She was gone for 2 weeks. I tried to hide the worst of the details from her. But she found out more and more through digging into everything of mine, and  interrogating me. I did smoking from her. Bought about what I would to fill a gas tank and a pack of smokes. I eventually told her how I was doing it, and never heard the end of it. In her own retaliation and need for someone to accept her and make her feel pretty, she did her own online thing. Then, she met with a guy from her class. Then, she had an almost thing with an ex of hers. I recently found out, while she was pregnant, she had been telling family members that if things didn't work out with me, she had a guy that would take her back in a heartbeat and care for her. After a while she became violent. At the worst point, she kicked me in the ribs after yelling at me until I broke down. Even started a physical altercation in front of our daughter once. I told her I didn't want to come home. She told me not to. After a few days she did she needed space. Not to talk to her unless she started a conversation. It was tough, but I managed. I still asked about her day and things every now and then. I'm the end, she was trying to get me to talk to her. Show her I wanted her by going against what she asked. I wasn't allowed to come home. She changed the locks, ignores me almost completely, and now she has another guy living with her. She's completely moved on, and we're not actually divorced yet. I've always loved her, I still feel a lot for her even after all of this. It destroyed me to be at our daughters first birthday. I was a stranger in my own house. Ignored by all her friends. She just hovered around her boyfriend the whole time. It pains me and its all that I can think about. How our marriage seems to have meant so little to her in the end. I even miss being with her and wish she would just talk to me. I just want to cry.
So it basically began when I found out that someone did my taxes wrong so I owe the IRS $300 which isn’t much but it is still annoying when you barely make above minimum wage. My ex roommate infested my old house with roaches before he left. When My fiancé and I moved (it was his friend so that was the only reason he was allowed to stay in the old house) we found out that our desk had been infested since it was next to the roach infested PlayStation he had that began the whole infestation so now the new house is infested. And now I have to pay an exterminator to get rid of them. My mom let us rent this new house from her but didn’t tell us about the numerous problems with the wiring and plumbing so we have found why our washing machine had died and our tub is constantly backed up. And this is after we had to fix the air conditioner that was leaking into our back closet and had been for years until it finally died during the summer right as my husky was giving birth to puppies. I had to pay to get that fixed even though I thought that was something a landlord would fix. My fiancé accidentally ran over my pet cat before Christmas and that was a thing.... I have depression and now I have found out that I have asthma after having an asthma attack for two days that I thought was just a panic attack.  And finally my car has died and I am not sure how to fix it.
But I can just feel it getting worse, you know? I used to be so smart, have goals, wanted to make something of myself and leave a mark on the world. I've started thinking the world is a shitty place and nothing's gonna ever change that, and while there's some beauty, there's always some shit that comes with it. Nothing ever truly works out for anyone. You can see it in people, most everyone. It's like in their eyes man. You see people everyday just like me, joking about depression or whatever. So many damn people, depressed. Almost everyone seems to be to some degree. I started thinking recently it's not even necessarily just mental illness; the illness itself is a symptom of how shitty the whole world is now. People don't have hope anymore, they just grind away and cling to whatever good they can find. Family, love, friendship, whatever. But some never find it. It's like the autism spectrum; everyone is somewhere on the spectrum of being depressed, some just become so imbalanced they need help.
Has anyone ever been too tired to sleep?I'm not sure if it's stress exactly, but for months I've been so tired (not exactly physically) that sleeping just doesn't feel sufficient. It's kinda like I'm tired and restless at the same time, but not energized enough to get up and do anything. Maybe it's just that every day is the same, and I honestly have nothing to look forward to. I have no friends and a family that I feel no connection to and gives no support. School is killing me and I'm worried that I may not graduate. Many personal problems also wear me down. I'm currently drinking coffee because I hate this weird feeling of being tired yet not really. Throughout the day, I constantly feel the need to sleep, and even when I do, it doesn't help my energy. Maybe I'm just not consistent, but I've slept a lot and no longer feel the need to. Sleeping is now just an annoyance that I use simply to transition into the next day easily. I roll around my bed uncomfortably for long periods of time and the rising temperatures aren't helping. I eventually fall asleep and wake up feeling like garbage no matter when I fell asleep or how long I've slept. I guess I'm just tired of life and the same old BS, but this feeling is so strange that I just wanna see if anyone else has felt this too. I also just wanted to vent a little....
I don't really have one big reason, why I want to die. In fact I probably have most things a functional person would need to make, whats generelly considered a good life. My parents were only together because my mother got pregnant with me , there were never real feelings between them and when I was 15 they ultimately got a divorce. I fully perceived this when I was a child, but I also can't say that I ever had the impression they weren't trying to make my life as easy as possible. They genuinely cared for me and probably still do. School was difficult, I always was a neurotic anxious mess so I also always was "that odd guy". Despite that, compared to what could be expected, I wasn't severly bullied, many just couldn't make sense of me and a few other probably actually tried to somehow reach out. In retrospect I probably always was apathic. I had no drive to be good at anything, I had no drive to make friends and the idea that I had a future was just something unreal. I spend my days mostly watching TV and later on the internet, I never was physically active and the recently the toll of that lifestyle shows more and more. School at least provided my some sort of structure. I had to get up, I had to eat at certain times and graduation was a goal I could actually somehow orient towards.
He’s getting married todayHi there!  I’ve never posted before. But I need some support or something. My ex-husband decided he didn’t want to parent anymore so abandoned his son (and me.) My son was adopted at age 8. His dad (my ex) parented him for 5 years and then left. Two weeks after he left, my son was life-flighted and diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes. My ex couldn’t be bothered to show and help because he had started dating someone and was out of town with her. He’s marrying her today. He invited my son. So I took my son to rent his tuxedo and I’m dropping him off and picking him up. I’m trying so hard to not let bitterness take over. But today I’m stuck in a pity party. How does he get to move on so easily while I’m left doing all of the hard things?  My son is a blessing, but he is really challenging—especially by myself. How do I let it go?  How do I wish them well, and not have such a deep sense of sadness, loss, and anger?
I feel completely alone. What can I do?I've become completely alone, I have no one to talk to. I'm a uni student and my whole routine is going to uni, coming back and staring at my laptop. Even if I go to McDonald's or Starbucks, then I sit there and do an assignment or something. If there's ever a break, I'm usually found alone in the corner somewhere looking around. I've tried to make friends and I try to be there for them but they leave me and go to their other friends. However, if they need anything, get into trouble or are upset they come to me but they always leave as soon as their purpose is over. If I ever need to talk then no one is there for me. I feel like I'm completely isolated now, my classmates ignore me too. I don't know who to talk to, it's become very silent. I'm trying to be nice and as helpful as I can but I feel everyone is just using me. I see everyone around me laughing and having a good time and I hear them talking about the good times with their friends and that hurts me even more. I don't know what to do
Heading to divorceI feel like my wife and I are heading to separation and then likely divorce the year after. I am in my early 30s and she in her late 20s. We live in Alberta Canada, own a house together, 2 kids and 2 cars, I purchased one outside the marriage and we signed on to get her one together during the marriage. I work full time and my wife part time but it's capable of full-time work. We are separating due to irreconcilable differences, She wants more kids than I do. I am mostly just wondering if someone can tell me what I can really expect. I have my ideas for things like child care that involve a 50/50 split of the kids based around my 4 on 4 off that would minimize day home costs but my wife doesn't like it because I would get the kids on all of my days off and she doesn't think it is fair to her. I have personal concerns that she is unable to prioritize the needs of our kids over her personal shopping (clothes, shoes, makeup) is that something I could potentially bring up? Would a judge potentiallyaccept my proposal of custody? Or is it typically a week after week thing? Any insight would be greatly appreciated.
It seems the man and the woman held very different outlooks on life. The man had noticed this right from the start but enjoyed the difference he saw in her. Unfortunately he hadn't realised the differences were so fundamental nor that they were so pervasive in everyday life. He noticed how quick to temper and racked by stress the woman seemed to be but he noted that they were each living in stressful times at present. As months even years went by he realised that she could find sources of stress in all manner of things and especially *him*. He noticed she resolved conflicts very differently to him. He was acutely aware also that while he could become angered when in conflict with the woman he had always thought that caution should be undertaken not to let anger boil over and let things be said that couldn't be retracted or to let feelings be hurt in ways that stung after the initial dispute had faded. It seemed the woman had no such compunction or rather had precisely the opposite mindset. It seems she had deduced early in life that when in dispute with enemies, or friends or family and loved ones the greater the intensity and heat with which she broadsided her opponent, the greater the chance of persuading them or forcing their submission.
I'm so exhausted. I've been exhausted for weeks. But sleeping is terrible. All I do is lie there and think about people I've hurt, friends I've lost due to ways I've treated them. There is no atonement when they don't even speak to you anymore. I catch glimpses of them -- accidental Snapchat stories and things like that. I look back on old photos we had and video chats still saved so I can hear them talk to me again. It's a common fallacy in the world that somehow "taking responsibility" for your actions makes everything okay. I almost wish I was ignorant to my own wrongdoings -- right now, I'm just furious and guilty and there's nothing I can do about it. So I lie there, listening to white noise or comforting ASMR videos to try and keep my brain at bay. Usually though, I'll end up lulling myself to sleep thinking about the different paths of communication after my death. Who will get contacted first, based on which methods and which scenarios? How will certain outliers in my social circle find out? Who will be mad, who will be devastated?
Fast forward to the next day.  We came back with supplies in hand, and this time armed with menthol rub for our noses.  I don't have to mention the regular milling around, not knowing where to start on cleaning up and looking at all the things that reminded us of Him.  But on this day, I experienced the most surreal moment of my life.  By the time my husband and I got there, my mom and her SO were in the process of cutting out the carpet where he had lay.  I only saw the underside of it.  But even at that, I saw the large circle of blood that had soaked through.  Apparently there were maggots covering the top.  Everything had seaped through the carpet and padding and onto the concrete below.  They took the carpet outside to air out and to help with removing the smell.  Then my mom got a bucket and sponge to scrub the floor.  I told her she didn't need to do it, to let me clean up.  But she wouldn't let me.  So I sat on his bed and watched.  Looking down at my mom, on her hands and knees scrubbing up the blood of my dead brother, I felt removed from the situation.  In all honesty, it felt like watching a crime drama on TV.  It was the sort of thing I had seen on TV and in movies many times before, but it wasn't what happens in real life.  People don't experience that in real life, so it couldn't be real.  At one point, she said to me, "I think I know why I am ok with doing this."  After I asked her why, she replied, "He was my baby.  When he was little I cleaned his diapers.  I took care of him and cleaned up after him if he got sick and threw up.  This is just one more thing I am cleaning up.  He was sick, and I am helping him by cleaning up the mess."  It was heartwrenching, both grotesquely melancholy and beautifully rational.  (As a side note, there are companies that specifically do this sort of work.  Everyone failed to tell us this, and we didn't find out until after we were done.)
Back in 2017 of July I started dating my boyfriend. He was 25 years old (I was 19). So i’m thinking, wow, he knows what he wants in life, he’s mature, he will be there with me through my 20s in a supportive way since he’s already lived through those ages. We are in the military so he is higher ranking and was testing for staff sergeant, he never studied & failed. I should’ve known then that he had no ambition. He is a bad communicator so I always had to fish stuff out of him on how he was feeling or what he wanted to say. I should’ve known this was bad from the start. 2018 comes around & he fails his staff sergeant test again. okay maybe he really has no ambition ? but i didn’t know. We decided to get married in October 2018 because he was moving to a different base while I was staying overseas, and we planned to meet again when I left from overseas. I would stay up until like 12-1AM to call him & make sure he got up for work & we could talk. eventually, I got tired of it. I asked if he could stay up a little later & wait till i got off so we could talk then & that way I wouldn’t have to stay up so late anymore. He didn’t like that idea. So i stopped calling and he never called. It got to a point where one night he called, i didn’t answer because I was sleep, and he blocked my number and unadded me on facebook, childish right??! i know. he’s 26. he apologized and i was just in shock i guess, like i’m your wife! we also get free education in the military and he literally has only taken 1 class within his 5 years in the military .. & every time i tell him about it, he always says” i’ll sign up” & then forgets.....i expressed to him that i deserved better and that i could leave him and get better & he said “i don’t give a f*ck, LEAVE” . i should’ve left right then & there but i didn’t want to give up so easily. he said he didn’t mean it but i just went with the flow, but i will never forget what he said. while i was overseas, i traveled to the united states to see him about 2 times and one of those times i didn’t even see my family. okay, understandable, he’s my husband. yeah well last week he flew all the way to see his family and flew over the state that i’m in without coming to see me. (i’m in the united states now). when i confronted him about it, he said “i have nothing to apologize for, i didn’t do anything wrong.” mind you, we haven’t seen each other since january. my parents are pushing for me to find someone who treats me how i should be treated and give me the love that i deserve but i just am not ready for the hurt that this divorce will bring and i am so young. before march of this year everything was fine, we were the happiest but i guess i feel like i’ve always have more than he did. i also don’t want to see him with anyone else which probably sounds stupid. any advice ?
The next few weeks were great. Everything seemed to be looking up. We were getting along, enjoying our time together, we had a great vacation, started making summer plans, and looking forward. Then about two weeks ago I could feel something was wrong again. I kept asking him if everything was okay and he’d reassure me that everything was fine and that he was just stressed out about work. Well, this past Sunday night, late, he told me he couldn’t do it anymore. He had been lying and talking and seeing his ex again. He admitted they had sex twice back in February. He said a lot more, but it kind of came down to he’s unhappy and depressed. The thing is, he keeps saying I am the perfect wife, and I didn’t do anything wrong, he’s just unhappy. I keep telling him it’s not fair to me to have to suffer through this alone when it’s his happiness that’s keeping him in a depressed state and he needs to get help. He refuses. He moved some stuff to his friends’ house and has spent (most) nights over there.
I had a good job when we got married but lost it. I spent the next few years chasing something. Something I thought I was doing for us. I was desperate to have a successful business. I attempted one and it failed. I tried again and failed again. All the while i let my wife work expecting she would just handle it and keep our heads above water. She tried telling me to do jobs like beca substitute teacher, work at a gas station, go back to school for something like nursing. I didn’t listen. I was having tunnel vision on just doing something I got fulfillment from. I’ve been doing jobs I hated for the past 15 years. I developed hatred for the healthcare industry. It came to a head a year and a half ago when we got into a fight over me going back to school. She and her family wanted me to do nursing. I said I couldn’t as the prospect of being a nurse made me feel like I wanted to die. I told her I’d rather die than become a nurse. I told her before I wanted to become a hairstylist and open my own salon. I laid out what the timeline for this would look like but she couldn’t see what I saw. She just saw my previous failures and that this would be another one. I started the cosmetology program a year ago and for once I feel fulfilled. Like I’m where I’m meant to be. In that time I’ve been kicked out of the house 3 times, currently  its 4th and final time. We’ve gone to counseling, we’ve sat with friends who mediated our conversations and I feel like with all the hurt, the anger, etc that we somehow can’t pull the trigger on divorce. It’s like neither of us want to do it. We still love and care for one another.
Haven’t updated in a while. Haven’t felt motivate to. I started talking to Sierra month ago and last night I ended it. She slept with some dude. Yeah fuck her dude. :( normally when I’m “Sad” I’m just bored or I fabricate an artificial feeling because I usually don’t feel anything at all. I’m just living I suppose... I’m like a robot. Don’t feel a thing. I’ve been thinking about getting into boxing. I can release my anger on somebody and hopefully when I get my ass kicked I can feel... hurt? Maybe I’ll bleed. I’ve bled, a lot. Nothing. Slight tingle if that. I haven’t cried since the 5th grade. I’ve tried: nothing. :/ life is so boring and dull. Life has no meaning. We die either way and our chances of making an impact are so slim it’s not worth putting effort or 78.69 years into (life expectancy in U.S as of 2016). But don’t worry, my life expectancy is only about 1/4 if that. I’ve done many new things since my last log. I’ve realized I’m going to kill my self eventually perhaps sooner than later. In reality I just want to accomplish some things and then end it. the only accomplishment I wish to fulfill is to know the truth as to what happens after death, which is reason enough. Anyhow, I’ve smoked weed, drank... sips of beer and wine (not gotten drunk yet), I’m planning on losing my virginity and doing sexual stuff soon. I have very many options but when people say they have “you have to find the right girl”, they mean it.
An open letter to the STBX who leftI took the little grey box out of my jewelry box today. I opened it up and saw the sparkle of my favorite piece of jewelry I’ve ever owned. I’m not sure why I suddenly felt compelled to take the ring from its place in the box and slip it onto my left ring finger. The finger it never should have been removed from. I stared at my wedding ring back on my hand. It was almost as if you had never left me. I loved the way it looked, the way it felt, the way it made me feel. It hugged my lonely finger the way you used to hold me after a long day apart. The ring doesn’t know why it’s been hidden away in the dark for months. It doesn’t know why I looked at it with sorrow in my eyes, rather than security as I always had. The ring doesn’t know why I had to slip it off my finger and right back into the box I pulled it from. Unfortunately, I know why I can’t wear this ring. I know exactly why it’s tucked away and out of sight. It’s stored in its box because in reality you did leave me. Now the only reminder of our marriage is the invisible one I constantly carry with me in my broken heart.
Grieving...2 years inSad today, feeling a wave of grief. I know it will pass, but I’ve been crying and so sad for so long. The pain of his disappearance and inability to talk to me or even tell me he had made up his mind for a year is still crushing. I’m still so hurt and cannot believe my mate of 10+ years abandoned me like that. I am so terribly anxious in my new relationship and am seriously considering never pursuing a romantic relationship again. The stakes just seem too high and I am scared by and become too obsessed with a partner’s affection and availability. I don’t like it. The pain is just so intense and physical. I can remember it was like this every day and now it’s maybe once a week but my god — I’m crying even thinking of how other people must be hurting and it’s overwhelming. My cousins sent me a card that says Happy Divorce and while I appreciate the intent, it’s like sending a card that says “Happy Death of all your Dreams and Plans, including having a family.” I’m really mourning the loss of the future I had hoped for and spent the weekend with them asking me if I wanted kids, talking about other weddings, and while I don’t begrudge anyone love and joy and happiness it was still hard to be around. Tried to find an EMDR therapist but it’s hard in my city...feel so traumatized by this whole experience :(
So I feel trapped. I don't have the freedom to find something, even meaningless, because I still respect her. And also because I'm terrified that if she decides she's angry enough she'll fight me for everything. The house, the kids, the money, everything. And the general consensus and belief in our home state is that a woman in family court already has the favor of the court, especially in matters of custody. I don't know how true this is is in general or all cases, but having been through custody and child support issues before, I don't like my odds. I don't want to be destroyed like that again. So I'm trapped. I'm stuck and isolated from the world. I'm afraid to do something that will make her angry or jealous, so I'm living like a prisoner in my house. I'm so paranoid that I even delete apps from my phone before she comes home from work, such as Reddit and Kik. I use both of these apps to find and talk to potential friends and I've reached out looking for platonic friendship many times. I also have spent some time and effort on Reddit looking for some kind of hook-up, or casual sexual encounter, though not nearly as much, and I don't have a lot of hope for that.
I've always noticed, just more so than usual lately, that depression makes you uninterested in things you once enjoyed... I'm just wondering if when you get help like... do you start to come back to yourself a bit? I can't do anything I used to, I used to be heavily into reading, writing, painting, watching movies... now, I don't want to do anything at all. Well, I want to but I can't find any interest/motivation at all. I can't focus enough to read anymore, my cognitive thinking feels all messed up, everything I write is trash, I'm very uninspired when it comes to painting now- I stare at my canvas for hours and wind up getting so frustrated I just want to break it. My favorite song doesn't even sound the same. I've always struggled with depression, but I never knew it would get this bad to the point I don't even recognize myself or have any interests. I miss the person I used to be. I'm scared I'll never get back to her. So really, I'm just looking for some hope. Thanks so much in advance.
My relationship with my parents is fucked. I casually asked them once, and the reason I'm circumcised is because they wanted me to match my father. That's fucking disgusting to me. I hate their guts for doing this to me. If I could sue them and leave them penniless and homeless I would. If I could kill them I would. Rage is the only thing I feel anymore. All this world cares to do is laugh at me. It's this shit society's fault that I was ever circumcised to begin with. I feel no sorrow if I hurt someone, if I'm a little mean and rough around the edges. I just feel catharsis. I could stab anyone in the back and feel nothing. The one thing I hate more than myself is the world. If I had the nuclear launch codes sitting in front of me, I wouldn't hesitate to vaporize the planet. But I don't, and I don't want to spend another day living in this lump of shit body of mine. I have an easy out sitting in the corner of my room. I wonder why I'm not doing it yet. Maybe somewhere in my wilted heart, I have a little hope. Maybe I just like my dog. Plenty of boys die from being circumcised (blood loss, infection, a horrible botch). I wish I had died from it. I should've died from it. It would've spared the world from an angry piece of shit like me. And it would've spared me from having to exist in this body. Behind my smiling mask, I wish everyone I see disease, suffering, and death. I hate this whole world. I've heard people say they don't want to kill themselves because they're afraid of hurting someone who loves them. Not me. The idea that anyone could love me disgusts me, because that would mean they see part of themselves in me, and I'm a big piece of shit. The idea that anyone out there "loves" me makes me want to do it more just to spite them. I think I'm ready to go now. I don't see the point in staying alive.
A couple weeks ago I went outside with him when he was leaving the house. I asked him about getting back together. When he looked at me his eyes were full of tears and a couple went down his cheeks. He told me that he didnt know if he could. He said that the pain has been too much for too long and that if we got back together that I might just turn around and do it to him again. He said that he always thought that I would realize how much he loved me and stop up until i signed the divorce papers and let out a big over exaggerated sigh of relief. He said that hurt him more than anything else and that he doesnt know if he can ever trust me again. I dont blame him. I destroyed a man who looking back was a great husband. I deprived my kids of having a great father in the house with them and I took his kids away from him. And me, the one who pushed for the divorce expecting happiness and a life of freedom, spend all my free time sitting at home or sitting on a therapists couch.
Why are we here?Is there a point to life? Like, I know it took evolution millions of years to make humans, but now that I'm here... what do I do? Everyone's always told me to get good grades, go to college, get a good job. It isn't a guarantee that I'll do those things, and even if I do, what have I accomplished?  In the grand scheme of things, basically nothing. Some random speck of dust will have spent a few more seconds getting a few more pieces of paper. There is no point to life. We just spend our time buying things to make us happy. And even if that does work, what does that accomplish? Happiness is just a chemical in our brains. I'm just going to spend my whole life trying to give myself more happy chemicals. I'll likely just get a job that I hate, make a little bit of money, and then die. Everyone dies. There is no guarantee that I will find anyone who loves me, or even anyone who could be a friend. I don't have a lot of friends right now anyway. It's just going to get worse. And even if I get friends, the only thing I get is more happy chemicals. My life doesn't really matter. We have too many people anyways. I'm just one out of 7 billion. No one cares if I get a few more happy chemicals.
I’m starting to realize I can’t handle these emotions I feel everyday. Everyday is a struggle and suffering and misery for me. I’ve been trying to recover and there’s been times I’ve been happy kind of but I always go back to this deep dark agonizingly lonely hole. I would rather feel nothing at all,not even happiness, then to know this sadness. I hate feeling this way and I never want to feel it again. I know if I worked hard maybe I could get better but I don’t feel like working hard. I’m lazy and tired. I’m tired of being alive. It’s just a struggle to exist. I feel proud of myself for forcing myself out of bed, whereas other people are out fulfilling their goals and dreams. I have to kill myself. I don’t want to but there’s no other option. I don’t want to go to work anymore. I don’t feel like getting another job. I don’t want to be homeless. I’m useless to society. I’m just working up the courage to do it. Then my worthless body will decompose and rot away, and I will finally not being a waste of space in the world anymore.
One thing I know is that I will always have a little cloud follow me around, like in the cartoons. There are times when I want to cry. Sometimes it’s because a song triggered fond a memory, sometimes I cry because that’s all I feel like doing.  I have not been diagnosed with anything mentally wrong, but I can tell you that I live with depression & anxiety and they suck. They have made me suffer a few panic attacks on more than one occasion. Hell, they can't even let me enjoy the holidays!! I am not suicidal. The thought of what it would do to my loved ones really tears me up. I’m an introvert, but I do feel comfortable at small parties, especially if they are people I know. I stay inside a lot because where I live is too hot for me to enjoy being out. I had self-esteem issues growing up, but I've gotten ways to forget about it. I have back pain from a bifida in my lower spine and have recently found out I have thyroid issues, which doesn’t cause pain, just one more thing to have to deal with. With all of that on my back, what swirls around in my head is that I really should be happy, I've been happily married for almost 13 years, and I'm also a new father for the first time (well, he's a toddler now).
Almost two years right after we got married, she willingly sucked not just the passion and romance out of the relationship, but then she also stopped putting in effort. Any attempts I made to be intimate - be it cuddling, gifts as signs of affection (trust me, she has numerous amounts of those from myself including jewelry, stuffed animals, poetry, trinkets, etc.), ideas for date night, etc. got met with either "mehh" if not outright rejection. Sex went from being enthusiastic, wild, creative, passionate, and intimate to being one-sided - she essentially wanted to lay there for sex, and if I refused on the matter that she was not into it, she would get upset. You will probably notice a few Reddit posts from me on here in the ways of attempting sexual intimacy with others. Yeah, instead of fixing the issues with intimacy, she just gave me "passes" to have sex with other women. I admit, I did post a few of them and did try, but a combination of very little luck combined with guilt since I truly love her made me regret the decision to even take her up on the offer in hindsight now - I feel like now she could use those "passes" against me even after demonstrating that I did not engage in any physical activity.
* A lot of the ways I approach things in life now has changed quite a bit. I'm making conscious effort to put myself first, and let others be more responsible for their own feelings and reactions. During my marriage, I was the parent, and my ex was the child. This dynamic, formed early on due to opposite insecurities we had, persisted in some form throughout our entire marriage. I accounted for probably 75-80% of the "relationship effort" between the two of us, and it was so much work. But that's what I felt I needed to do as her husband. Life now is so *simple* in comparison. I've also been acting more like I want to in interactions with my friends, rather than what I think they would like. This has helped some relationships, and discouraged others, but most gratifying of all, reduced the effort that it takes to be social. I am more finding the people I naturally connect with, and leaving others be, letting them be responsible for their situation, with less and less worry.
I want to die but I’m afraid of not knowing what’s going to happenHi my name is Stacy and I’m a 15 year girl and I’ve been attempting to do suicide since I was 13 but my life was bad before that even though no one knows it everyone just automatically assume I’m okay without even asking. Ever since I was little around the 4th grade I’ve been bullied about my weight and I hate it I’m even more mad at myself for being fat and looking this way and being ugly because I think I’m the ugliest person alive.I have no friends there are four friends that I know that I go to higher with but it’s only we’ve been in the same catholic school together for like 10 years and I wouldn’t even call them so called friends because they have all talked about me in secret saying how fat I am and I hate it I hate it every one I just hate the planet earth and think that God just put here to suffer back to back over and over again because every time and every year something happens to me I remember one day in 6th grade it was picture day and I wanted to look a bit slim and so I wore a gridle and the shirt I had was a bit short so when I went to sit down some of my class mates saw it and talked about in secret all day and I went home crying and those 4. Girls I go to school with are included.One time one of those 4 girls which I would call dj, the second one treat, third pink and the fourth gg. Anyways we were playing volleyball and this was in the 7th grade and dj was on the opposite team and I hit the ball and get team lost and this was around the time she stopped talking to me because she said I copied what she was going to wear for her birthday anyways so after we came from playing we went to class and I guess dj said something about me because I had a small ponytail and head and had a big body so anyways there was this boy  and treat told him that dj said I was shaped like a apple pear and she kept on trying to get him to look at me and see that I was shaped like it for real and I just pretended to not hear and act like I was working but I wanted to bust out crying so bad in front of everyone.Theres a lot more but I’m not going to go into them all because this will be a never ending list anyways my dad is one of them to because he is so strict and it’s not the strict part it’s the fact that he wants me to be like his friends kids the grades ,attitude  and how I dress I mean I’m not stupid I get a’s and b’s but sometimes c and he will always yell at me about them and say such and such would never have a c on her report card and two main things I hate is being yelled at and compared I mean I already myself why make it any worse. My dad have found my journal about how I want to kill myself then he’s nice and understanding for 3 days then its all back to normal with the comparing and etc.I have no one to text or call my contacts is empty other then family members mom dad and all that I mean I’ve never even had a boy like me even though I’ve liked so many I guess that’s just my life and I want to be a singer also but no one believes me even the adults I mean they make jokes about me being fat so I guess it’s not a surprise but now I’m in highschool and it worst and before school started I tried losing weight by doing a water fast and I lost a little bit but gained all of it back I think even more then before I already have a lot of people in highschool calling me fat I mean today in class this girl wanted to play and made me fall and everyone laughed and made sound affects to make it same like an earthquake and then when I’m in the car going home my dad rushing me about driving and taking the test now I mean when does it end because I just want to die right now but I don’t know what to do anymore because I just want to step in the streets and get run over or jump off a building.
It is admittedly frustrating because I feel too young for it; I'm at an age where I should continue to develop myself with my hobbies and stuff. But instead every day is typically a rollercoaster. My ability to concentrate/focus has been incredibly diminished, and I find the idea of getting back in to school stressful. I am an engineering major, but if math stresses me out I'm just not sure if I can keep it in my life. On the flip side, I want to be doing those things because I liked the challenge. The stress is like a token that just keeps flipping and makes things confusing. I doubly worry because I start to think I have mental health issues, and the fact is that stress CAN open up mental health issues. I find that when the stress gets to a breaking point, which has only happened once in my life, I shut down and withdraw and make what changes feel necessary instead of opening up in to some sort of mania or whatever but fuck man how am I supposed to know what to expect if it keeps going. There are things which cause me stress that I don't think are supposed to cause me that much stress, but they simply do because it's chronic I guess. I don't know if I"m supposed to push on and work on my problems in "the storm" or withdraw and bide my time.
I think that this reddit mod is going to commit suicide and I don't know what to doThis mod  u /DanielBaldielocks made a post in r/Minnesotar4r  saying that the sub needed new management because he was going away which seems normal enough but it was the language he used that made me concerned.  "I'm quitting life, therefore I can no longer own this subreddit".  So I decided to go through his post history and it's filled with posts about serious depression, quitting his job in the near future, mentioning that he was a veteran, saying that he had no friends or loved ones, and talking about how the VA failed to get him proper mental counseling. All of these seem like serious red flags. The veterans thing in particular because of the extremely high suicide rate among them. Now I don't know this guy, never meet him so it feels like I'm stepping over a line but god danm it am I supposed to just let the dude die? I mean what am I supposed to do about this?  I don't know if this is the right place for this but I don't know where else to put it.
A year later it all makes sense. Well sort ofI couldn't fathom for the life of me why my wife of nearly 5 years whom I was together with for 16 years and had 3 kids with could possibly ever leave me. But she finally did over a year ago and did I ever handle it poorly. At first she wanted a separation but after I flipped my lid once she moved out and took the kids stuff without us having any kind of a custody schedule agreement she soon changed her mind and wanted a divorce instead. I couldn't understand why at the time. But over a year later I realize now regardless of what I said or did the marriage was inevitably headed for divorce. Why? Well for a number of reasons that were evidently not clear to me back then. One was because I was an egomaniac. Another was I was emotionally abusive and self absorbed in focusing all my time and attention into my own delusional narrative of 'running my own business' for 6 years (and failing miserably at it and 3 years later being personally assessed for the company's corporate tax debt).  Another is I was unnattentitive to her and the kids' needs. The list goes on. All things that for some reason I never saw before. After having been forced to live with myself for the past year the reality all started to unfold before my eyes as to just how fucked up things really were during not only the marriage but the entire relationship since we met in high school over 20 years ago. Now I'm not saying it was all just me. She had plenty of her own faults too that contributed to the breakdown of the marriage, don't get me wrong. But when I finally decided to stop blaming her and getting angry at her and instead started taking a hard honest look at my self and my own mistakes it opened up a whole new level of introspection I never knew existed and I learned things about myself I couldn't possibly have had things remained the way they were. The biggest realization I came to was the major issue in our marriage wasn't necessarily a conflict of personality and sexual incompatibility between my wife and myself but rather a deep rooted conflict of character and ideology between my own ego and my self. Through just a few sessions with a psychodynamic therapist I was able to recognize this and bring my ego and my self back into alignment and now I feel more my 'self' than I ever have in my life. It's just the problem was that I thought it was her that was the problem when really it was me. I am also realizing now that a lot of the choices I made were coming from a place of  ego-centeredness and not out compassion or consideration of my wife and kids for as much as I thought they were at the time. And those choices I made have had long lasting repercussions that I am now having to face, mostly financially, even years later. But for as much as I feel like a complete fucking failure and let her and my kids and family and friends down with the eventual outcome  of our divorce and having to shuffle our 3 kids back and forth, there is a silver lining in it all and in my case it is a chance to start over by learning from past mistakes, owning up to them, apologizing for the hurt I caused others and putting measures in place to not ever make the same mistakes again. And should I one day feel like I am complete enough again maybe I will look at extending myself to share my life with someone again. But for now, even over a year later I still have a lot more work to do.
Anyways, after that lonely weekend ends, and as soon as I arrive home, i'm hit with viral bronchitis. It hit me hard too, I ended up in the ER twice for it. This is where I fucked up. They told me to not take my SSRI with antibiotics, so I didn't. For a whole week. They meant just on the 1 day I took them, but they had me take multiple pills in one day so I was too afraid about it still being in my body to take my meds. By that next week, I was already having problems. Mood changes, mood swings, anxiety getting more and more intense, panic attacks returning, everything. Since I was having problems with Citalopram anyways, I asked my doc to switch me to something, and I asked for Wellbutrin out of the dumb reason that i'm tired of having the sexual disfunction side effect. It's not even a great medicine for anxiety so i'm probably going to end up switching again anyways. But overall, I've had multiple panic attacks triggered by the pain and difficulty breathing with the bronchitis and I still feel like I'm barely back to normal after a month and a half now.
What else do they want from me? (Vent)It's really just standard-issue big corporation stuff. My direct manager slaps together the scheduling for our dept. at the last minute because she's overworked, and she's overworked because it's cheaper to make her do enough work for 2/3 people than to just open up an assistant position. I'm not getting enough sleep. I'm going off my medication because I can't make the appointments I need; my weekly schedule is a complete dice roll. I've talked to my direct manager, I've talked to the managers above her, I've talked extensively to Human Resources. I've been making it clear that I'm reaching my breaking point since mid-September, but all I get back is the same hemming and hawing about "we're trying, we're under-staffed, we're really trying, promise it'll get better soon." I called off today - and I almost never do that - because I spent all night stress crying, and knowing it's only going to get 20x worse because of the holidays.
The most important thing anyone has ever told meToday I tried to take my own life. I had taken over 500 mg of Prozac in hopes of killing my self. I told my grandmother and she watched/helped me get the meds out of my system. She asked me why I did it and I said that I was tired of existing and didn’t feel like I belonged here. She of course flipped out and woke up my grandfather to calm me down. He is a man of few words and only speaks when he really has something to say. Today he said something that absolutely changed my life forever. My mother is a recovering addict and could not take care of me so instead of being put up for adoption my grandparents decided to take me in. All my life I felt like a burden and that it be better off if I just died. Well he sat me down and talked me through my depressive episode. After I had calmed down he stood me up and gave me the biggest hug ever. He said “ya know when you were young... like real young... 6 months or so. I couldn’t wait to come home and see you and play with you” he started to tear up. “Please don’t take that away from me.” He then started full on crying. That sentence has changed my life forever.
Taking care of everyoneOk I f’d I cheated on my wife (emotional affair), i admitted to it and now we are getting separated. I’ve basically told her what ever she needs I’m willing to do. The sad thing is i don’t want to Salvage the marriage it’s been 4 years (been together 10) of arguments, yes we should have talked more but what’s done is done. There are kids in the mix, but here’s the thing we both work, we live in a city where we rent our place. I make 6 figures a year she doesn’t, I want her to stay in our place with our kids until she’s ready to move she doesn’t want to stay there but has nowhere to go, I don’t want my kids going to an unsafe neighborhood that’s in her financial range and I don’t want her moving back with her parents as they are in another state. I would rather take the hit and pay or split our current place with her or let her move somewhere else but she’s saying she won’t take my money. Has anyone else been in this situation similar? I just want my kids taken care of?
Despite being antisocial to a maximal level I'm still a good guy, as a matter of fact I'm a go to guy. Every time anyone has a problem they come to me be it to be someone who listens to them or gives them advice or fix some tech that's malfunctioning but that's all that people come to me for. I'm also very patient and I try to be as understanding as possible, I know that people may or may not have it bad and I know how awkward and stupid it makes one feel when someone starts yelling at you without understanding your position or stance. During the past 10 years I've been through a lot and I can't say that I fixed a few things but I've been in a lot of friendships and a few relationships and in the end I've been the one that has had to walk away because I wasn't needed or I wasn't wanted any longer and I think we all know the signs that say that one isn't wanted/needed any longer. Anyways I've brush those aside by understanding them, people do things, maybe intentionally or unintentionally but they do those things nevertheless.
Stress Wakes Me Up In The Middle of The NightI’m a first year mature college student, with a 1.5 year old son, whose father is the most manipulative, least contributory co-parent I’ve met. My student loans are going to be astronomical (I’m living in Ontario but have to be funded through Alberta because I lived there within twelve months, thanks bureaucracy) so I’m going to be paying back double what I could have. My credit card is in a scary amount of red, although I’m “managing” the payments (read: putting enough on there every month to be considered a payment). My ex owes me not only for child support, but for the thousands of dollars of furniture and home necessities purchased on my credit card when we moved back to Ontario, that he is using in his apartment. My car just decided that braking is a no-go, and now I have to get my son to and from daycare using the terribly outdated transit system (it’s located in the weirdest area that’s a 15 minute drive from my house, but about 45-60 mins bus ride and three transfers, and the only way to make these transfers successfully is through the grace of God). My engine light is on, and my starter works maybe 73% of the time. I have a project and two papers due, which is fine except I’m so busy stressing about money, and my car, and having to take my ex to court that when I sit down to work on them, I stare blankly at the screen trying to do my breathing exercises. I cannot sleep. I cannot get to sleep, and when I finally do, my son wakes up so I tend to him, and then I JUST LAY THERE. Trying to figure it out. How can I manage this, how can I afford that, what is the solution, will I be alright? The only thing keeping me from the edge is my son, I will not be my mother and damage him with my poor mental state.
My friends can all claim I mean a lot to them but actions speak louder than wordsI’m constantly never invited to anything, and I feel lonelier and more pathetic every day. The person who is technically my closest friend hangs out with all the people I introduced him to, all without me of course. Whenever I talk to anyone, I have to initiate the conversation. Whenever I hang out with anyone, 90% of the time I had to approach them asking if they would want to hang out. My family only gives a shit about me due to relational bias. If I stopped existing anyone who knows me wouldn’t feel sad from actually caring about me, only shocked and guilty because I’m somebody that they knew.  What I don’t understand is why these people would lie to me that I’m a close friend to them when clearly they couldn’t give a shit whether I existed or not. It’s not that everybody secretly hates me. I just know that in everybody’s life I am insignificant, and I don’t mean anything special to anybody. I don’t know why this thought is as devastating to me as it is, but I don’t know how much longer I can handle feeling like this.
Left my house for the last time, hopefully for a whileI just left this morning after packing some things up and putting them in my car. She came home and didn't acknowledge me. I went to say goodbye and she simple said "yeah" without flinching. My life, my soul and my heart all left behind. We built our life together and it's so simple and easy for her to just throw it all out. She claims she doesn't want to lose everything but yet she is still doing this. I just want my life back. To make more happy memories together. I pushed her away and now I just want to pull her back in, right the wrongs and continue looking into the future as a couple. I'm on day 3 of this suffering and the worst thoughts keep swirling in my mind. My only hope is the chance that being apart may bring her back to me. Make her realize that she loves me more than she thought, that she doesn't want to be alone. I fear she will find somebody else or that she already has and has been waiting for this opportunity. How do I deal with these thoughts? How can I begin picking up my pieces and begin to move on if the worst comes through? I may be jumping the gun but, just the thought of another man with her, doing the things that we did... destroys me inside.
Furthermore I managed to integrate a difficult formation. In my country, it’s very elitist and very good, however I so much regret that choice. OMG you can’t know how much, how much thinking about it makes me bad. It still haunts me sometimes and I try to do my best to forget it. I’m now hating my studies and all the choices I do. I regret everything and I don’t know what to say when people ask me what I do. I think I just don’t want to answer, to say something I don’t like or to explain my past formation. Sometimes people make fun of me because they don’t understand how I could have wasted some years of my life for that result or they say they’re sorry and that they’re not worried for me. However I am, each day. It’s taking all my energy and my parents and friends aren’t helpful. I’m keeping more things inside me each day and I just hate my life. I know it’s hard to say that but I don’t see what else could I say.
I dont know what to do.I recently came out of a mental institution after being hospitalized for suicidal thoughts.  I have recently lost the woman i thought i would grow old with and the best friend i have or could ever have... to each other. There was no dishonesty, or infidelity.  i saw their desires growing before they did. i love my job... its the only thing keeping me going. I have two children. i cant even enjoy my kids.  they are the only reason i havent ended it, but i can barely stand to be around them because i feel like such a failure.  when i came out of the hospital, the welcome back i received was amazing... for the first time ever i felt like someone actually gave a fuck about me.  i've been trying to meet people on dating sites.  my psychologist says this is a bad idea.  i've recently came out as bisexual to everyone i know.  i just hate my life right now. i hate me, i feel so worthless.  i have so many friends who keep telling me how awesome i am but i just dont see it.   sometimes i do but mostly i just see my faults.  i have recently met a woman whom i adore but i feel like i have already ruined my chances by coming on too strongly.  im so awkward when i try to show affection to people.  i.. i just... i dont know. **Edit** thanks for the responses, Im just so mixed up right now i feel like a deer in the headlights and life is coming at me but i dont know what to do.
I fucked up the night of my lifeI was in the forest during the winter solstice, I was with the girl I love, a friend so dear and a man named Jan, during the night there was a ceremony of love, for all of us, we were to become one love, I was to afraid to move, to speak, next to this wonderful girl, who was I but a lonley pathetic creature next to this beuty that even the stars above paled in comparison. I got stuck in my head, to much LSD perhaps, I couldn't speak or move, it was the death of me, I saw Jan above me, I knew I made the biggest mistake of my life in that tent, during that trip, but I couldn't for the life of me see another choice, my unhappiness is never ending, instead of me loving her, now it's him, living in my appartment. Mother nanture told her my love was not real, i'm nothing but a withered husk now, I wake up, feel nothing until I she her, I get filled with a moment of bliss, the memories that I can't be with her gone for a moment, but only for a moment, i've been hoping that this is all but a dream, that I shall wake up in the morning after the winter solstice, see her, kiss her, but I cut myself today, to see if still bleed, to see if I could feel. I'm so sad and i've got noone... I always put on my best smile, can't let the world know i'm dying on the inside in the fear that no one is caring, that they will see my pain and ignore it, just another unhappy soul getting ready for departure
We decided we needed to get away together, so we quickly planned a trip to Mexico. The night before we were supposed to leave, we packed and had dinner at a local restaurant. He had a quick meeting after, so we drove separately. When I got home, our dog was laying on our couch, eating my passport. Yes, seriously. I got it away from him but it was really chewed up. I started making calls. When my STBHX got home I told him what happened and he acted like it was no big deal. Then he said "Well, I don't see the point in rescheduling both our flights, so I am going to go and you join me when you get this figured out." I was crushed inside. Absolutely crushed. But I kept going. Because this was right before NYE, it took 4 days for me to get a new passport, and it would be day 5 (of 8 days that I had taken off work) before I got down there. My STBHX was hanging out with a str8 couple we know who spend their winters in Mexico and we spoke. We decided that it would be silly for me to come down for just a couple days (I agreed with this) and we decided to try to schedule another little getaway later. The next day he called and said he was really enjoying Mexico and that he felt like the space and being away was helping, and he wanted to stay a while longer and then come home and get counseling so we could work on our problems. I agreed.
How stress almost ruined my 2017Hello fellow redditors, stress can be a real issue if you don't start to take countermeassures in the right time, just what happened to me. I am 19 years old, and in 2016 i ended senior high, with great school grades, and even 2 weeks before because of my behavior and excellent tests. In 2017 i went to college, but, to be honest, i never cared so much, i'll usually study only at college and  then i would spend the rest of the day doing nothing or playing videogames, which caused me a handful of problems when tests started, so i left it in May, and i started working at a computer repair shop (i tinker with electronic apparatus from when i was 12 years old), and started doing courses from my house. This caused me a loss of self\-confidence on myself, as it was my first self inflicted failure, but after some days all started to became fine. Then an important date came, and i became ill, i didnt wanted to eat, i suffered headaches and abdominal pain. the first time was the day before starting college, the second time was in June, before an important event, same symptoms. And lastly, when i went abroad with my mom, my aunt and a cousin. One of the last days abroad, we have a little discussion because i bought a psu for another cousin with my money, but i forgot money to pay the taxes in the customs. After that discussion, i started to feel ill, without energy, and i didn't wanted to eat. Later we talked and make up with mom, so that was a relief.
We seemed to have worked things out so thats why I thought living at home wouldnt be so bad. I was wrong. I started to feel depressed again around November and recently started feeling hopeless and like I would rather die, similar to how I felt in high school. I thought now that Im older I can do something about it so I went out and got myself an apartment. After signing the lease I came home and told my dad, he freaked out at me and started yelling and telling me I was fired, he would stop paying for my school, and that I was ruining my life. This went on for ~2hours. After I was finally alone I started hyperventilating and eventually worked myself up in to a full panic attack, I curled up in a corner and cried like I havnt in years. My brother found me and helped calm me down some but I couldnt quit crying. I asked my mom for help and she told me I did this to myself and shouldve known my dad would react that way; Im a drama queen, just like him.
Sometimes I try to get better and stop the drinking, but then something else will happen. I've totaled my car due to a reaction I had from an explosion sound on a song on the radio, then I got so drunk that I fell off my bike on the way home from the grocery store and split my head open. If that's not enough to drag me back down then its from the horrible nightmares of me dying, yet it feels like such a relief in the moment? I cant stand this way of life, especially if you're still dreaming and dont know what your reality is. I dont know what I'm going to do. I used to use hiking, camping and nature to calm and clear my head but I cant be outside for more than 15 minutes now due to the burn scars reacting to the sun, the heat makes it feel like I'm on fire. My life before moving to that job was so straightforward but I gave it up for an adventure, only to come back with all this trauma and sickness. My insurance payments have stopped, and I have nothing saved up, I'm in debt. I feel like I cant be in society anymore, when I try to be I just come off extremely anxious and weird where I used to be fun to be around. Instead I just sit at home alone, binge watching netflix or whatever, trying to dodge all the movies and shows containing explosions and binge drinking to keep the flashbacks and nightmares away, or I'll take alot of my sleeping meds/alcohol early and try to sleep the day away, only to wake up standing up in my room or jolt awake yelling. I feel like I should have died out there. That pains me to say but it's all I can think about now. I try to reach out to my neuropsychologist but they just seem so overwhelmed with my case. I want this all to be over, one way or another
     When the paramedics arrived they put me on a stretcher and took me to the hospital. On the ride there, Katie was holding my hand crying. I was scared because I kept blacking out. And when I did all I saw was the darkness. I knew it was coming. I was going to be alone too. I couldn't stop it this time, this was my fault. I looked Katie in the eyes and told her I was sorry and to tell my mom and dad that I loved them and that it was my fault. She started yell "NO." She told me that it was okay, that I was going to be fine. But I knew this time I wasn't. The darkness grew longer and colder. I could hear the paramedic saying "her heart rate is dropping, fast." I remember hearing Katie cry and yell for God to let me live. But I had messed up this time. My body was numb now. I couldn't hear anything, I couldn't see, and I could breath. It was over for me. At 12:02 I was pronounced dead along with Jamie who died at 11:49 because the impact snapped her neck.
I feel like I need to apologize. Not for leaving, or moving on. But for not leaving sooner. I realize now, that the love in our marriage truly HAS been gone for a long time. I wish we were able to communicate that to each other sooner. I am in a better place mentally, physically, and in almost every other conceivable way. My life truly got better when I drove away. To the family and friends you alienated me from. It got better when I got back into the work I love, but you convinced me I couldn't do. The only thing I really regret with you, was giving you so much of my trust. It's hard for me to believe people are genuine now. I questioned things that I never would have imagined, developed reflexes that show physically and emotionally. I miss the dog. I feel a little better, having wrote this. Knowing I was able to convey my point, and not actually speak to you. It's weird to see where I am today, because of how different it was with you. Funny thing is, I will never allow myself to live life the way you showed me again. I know my worth, to myself and those who matter. Have a good life, I hope you are able to figure things out. Your daughter deserves that from you.
I could see that he was trying and occasionally i would let him know, but for the most part I kept being a huge bitch to him for any and all reasons that I could think of. I'm not sure how much more the man could have done to make me happy besides finding a job that paid enough for me to not have to work at all. He said that he was looking, but looking and finding are 2 different things. It was around this time that I discovered this group and a few others. I started posting things about him, from my perspective only, and I got so much positive feedback for how I was feeling that I knew I was right. The more I posted the more validation that I got. It wasn't just me who knew that XH wasn't worth keeping around. I had the whole internet telling me how terrible he is. I started saying awful things to him and even outright ignoring him. I was so confident with mine and everyone elses opinion that I contacted a lawyer and within a couple weeks had filed for divorce. I continued to use this site and a couple others to validate my feelings and for encouragement to go through with it, and finally it was done.
I feel like she's being unfaithful a week into our separationSo here is the run down. I'm 25 and she's 24. Been married for 4 years, together for 7.5. Anyways, so she decided to end it and said that I wasn't treating her how I should have and not showed enough emotion and became mean to her over the past year. I prioritized the wrong things instead of spending time together with her, quite hard when she works 12 hour night shifts 5 to 6 days a week and I work 5 days a week steady day shifts. But here is the catch, I did see the signs coming and we had turmoil for a while now, she received a Facebook friend request one night from a guy and she told me about it. We have always been open about things like these. So I said ok, dont add him because he's a guy. Well this guy turns out to be the grandson of a lady she took care of many years ago(nursing home) that she cared about a great deal. Anyways I say ok, add him and ask him about her then. Well this turned into quite a lot of talking since. He's 41, has health problems(possible parkinsons), has 2 children and has been divorced multiple times. Anyways, I got to meet the guy with my wife after she first said she wanted out but decided to give another chance. She was excited for me to meet him. So I did and I can say he's a strange dude. I digress. They kept talking and within 2 days from meeting him she decided to drop the bomb shell of the separation and divorce. At first I didn't take it well and begged. I agreed to move out to my parents house this past Tuesday. Our phone accounts were together and I had access to the call logs and text logs. Couldn't see the messages but I could see the frequency. To put simply, the day I was supposed to move out, they talked on the phone for 2 hours and 10 minutes in the morning. They had texted non stop all night from some point before 5pm all the way to 2am. I confronted her about it and she swore up and down that he is just a friend and pointed out that he is 17 years older with kids, that she deserves to have friends she can talk to and whatnot. She turned around and said that she couldn't believe I would accuse her of cheating and a bunch of shit basically. Anyways, in my emotional turmoil i yielded and begged sadly. Fast forward to later on in that day and I had to go our house to pick up a couple of things. She was home as it was her day off and she tried to sleep. She said she had plans to go to another state that day to visit some museum she wanted us to visit but since she wasted her day trying to rest that she didn't know where she was going. That she couldn't spend the night alone at the house because she doesn't like to be alone. She said that she may go to her sister's to visit her. She also mentioned that had we not separated she had planned for us and the guy to watch a movie she loves. That she wanted to go to his house to watch but she was worried that I would try to do something because I was crazy and she wasn't going to do anything to make me think that she is cheating on me. So in turn my stupid ass being the hopeful that I may regain her by showing her that I trust her told her she could go. Well, she went. Wednesday came around and I came to terms with the situation. Sent her a few heart felt messages telling her that I still love her and always will and that the years we spent together were the best ones I've ever had and stuff like that to give myself closure. Just trying to keep the door open at the same time for us to rekindle what we had. I agreed to do things amicably and not fight each other over anything. Well, I felt I was doing right and whatnot and then we fast forward to later that evening. I found out that they guy was or had been flirty with her and that she had in her mind that she could talk to anyone she wants and that she was definitely still going to see this guy. I flipped shit. I am not going to disclose how I obtained this insight but I did. I dwelled on it and finally checked logs and saw that they had been texting back and forth non stop since early in the damn day to at least 10pm, the logs seemed to update slowly. I finally broke down and told her that we needed to talk, that when was her next day off and she ended up calling me asking me in a condescending manner what was it that we needed to talk about. I told her it was about this guy, that if she wanted to go through this that the least I deserved was the absolute truth. She again swore up and down that he was just a friend, that she didn't have anyone else to talk to that I needed to trust her. I felt like I did believe her but she turned hostile against me and said that I had fucked up and that now she was going to play hard since I couldn't just leave shit alone. She said that she'd have a lawyer and that I better find one and that she was disconnecting my phone line in the morning and blocking me from viewing anything. I went into full damage control and asked her not to, to see it from my perspective and whatnot and she said that she found it ironic that she had bragged about me to her sister and said that she was maybe considering fixing things 6 or 7 months down the road but now there was no way. Anyways, she hung up and I talked to my mom and my wife tried calling me again and we had a much more calm conversation. She calmed down and agreed to do things peacefully once again. In the end we split our phone accounts so I dont have access to those logs but i truly feel that what she is doing simply isnt right. She has always preached and thus far (before this dude) stayed true to her belief that she didn't believe in cheating while she is married. She is a strong willed person who takes her beliefs serious but in the end I feel like her and the guy are developing an emotional bond that may become more. They are laying the ground work for infidelity. She is searching what I didn't give her, in him... any thoughts?
Advice? Detachment and RelationshipsSo my whole life (21 years) I've kept to myself exept for a couple of really close friends that I've had for 17 years (tried talking with them about it but I don't want to bring them down too much). And for the past 4 or 5 years I've had trouble feeling any emotions that aren't isolation, stress or sadness. For the longest time I just ignored it and kept it to myself because thats what I've always done. But within the last year its been hitting me hard. I tried to stop the bad feels by finding a partner. And crazy enough I found a GF! And it made me happy for all of a week, but happiness for me is a very temporary feeling. Now I find myself losing the feelings I had for her after only a few months, and just stressing about the relationship more than enjoying it. She hasn't done anything wrong, I don't know why I'm pulling away but I can't help the way I feel. So what do I do? I don't know if I should break up with her, or maybe stick it out and see if eventually I feel happy with it again...
When will things start to go right?Sorry this is going to be long and I understand if no one actually reads it but I just want to get it out of me. Today is a bad day. Sometimes I have days that aren't as bad, but I can't say I have good days. Today I just want to cry and for what reason I don't know. Well I kind've know but it's never just one specific thing. It's always a pile of things that have no resolution. I am not happy with my life, but if I try the thing that I think will make me at least content comes with far more unhappiness before it gets better. And how do I know that decision will really lead to me being happier? I don't. That anxiety of not knowing what will come of it is what is keeping me from making the decision. I wish there were a way I could do a trial run and make sure that's what I want but this is real life and there are no 2 week free-trials. So here I sit, writing a post that will get me no resolution, but it feels good to just get it out of my head. The worst part is I can't help but feel like the only thing keeping me from enjoying the life I have is me. And don't get me started on how lonely I feel. I have no friends to distract me from this unhappiness and I don't foresee making any, any time soon. Any attempt I have made to make new friends has failed even when I thought it went well, they never talk to me again. Seriously what is wrong with me that everyone I try to connect with just cuts me off? I have a boyfriend of over 4 years and a best friend across the country who find me to be a great person so why do I have no luck now connecting with people. I have a huge heart and care for everyone and everything around me, I have a great sense of humor and am open to just about anything. I have no problem finding jobs and would like to think of myself as a decently educated person. What am I missing? What am I doing so wrong in these interactions that every person I've met never wants to talk to me again? At this point I think I'll just have to be ok with never having friends.
I need your help i am a 21 year old dude who needs a genuine friendHi guys I thought before posting this and I found myself with a situation that I can't really solve I don't have any friends may sound odd but I know a lot of people but I feel like I've been used and discarded them used again whenever they run into problems they run to me even if they know they hardly ask about me and how am doing all that seems to matter to them is how can They profit from me and since I considered these people to be friends I thought they had my back but then I realized they talked badly about me and thought highly of me in front of other but behind close door they would get together and have fun shit talking about me and have the nerve to ask me for help I didn't know if they were genuine people or not maybe they had their reasons but I really need a genuine friend who i can talk to freely without being afraid of them judging me. If such person exists it would be great.
Its now Term 4. The end of the year. I will be a senior soon. Recently, I had diagnosed myself with depression. I had been deeply missing my father and my mother had turned into the woman who was scared of the truth. She got rid of my step father after a decade of abuse. After a month, she contacted her childhood sweetheart whom she is dating as of now. I liked him but I didn’t love him as she claimed. I began to go through changes. I had thoughts upon thoughts that I may be bisexual. This was the time where I began to ponder if I was actually depressed. I noticed that even the smallest of things would trigger my sad mood. My mother would deny it and say it’s just part of being a teenager but I thought differently. I wasn’t suicidal or self harming myself. The thought of a blade cutting my skin made me cringe. I felt... empty. I would find myself crying a lot more often but couldn’t see why. My friends didn’t understand so I would just say I was tired or had a bad class at school. My mother at one point was suicidal. This was before she got a DVO against my step father. That was a very dark time. It was the real beginning of my sadness. Seeing your mother sobbing uncontrollably to you saying she wants to go home because she’s worthless, a bad mother, a bad person, really broke me. I couldn’t sleep for weeks. I was severely depressed then but it passed.
I wanna die because off my familys fighting and money problems**Hello, my name is Reinier Groenewald. I currently live in South Africa. It’s a very bad country to live in. Racism is rampant and I’m afraid of going outside. My mom and dad were bikers and often went to parties when I was younger. When I was in high school, my grandma mostly took care of me. My dad divorced my mum, and since then things have been going all but downhill for me. My mum and grandmother, whom I currently have to live with, often very loudly fight and shout at each other about what my mum and dad did, specifically taking out a mortgage on the house to buy a car. But when my dad left, he didn’t want to pay that mortgage back, which just made my grandma angrier. In high school, I was often bullied by other kids. Four years ago, I tried to commit suicide with a knife, but I found myself unable to go through with it. I’m now 23 years old and can’t even take care of myself or help my family out with money. Sometimes I just don’t care anymore. I’m tired of them screaming and fighting almost every weekend.**
Absolutely nothing for me.I've been trying so, so hard and it's lame but it's almost impossible to not cry as I type this. I don't belong here. My parents gave me a financially stable childhood, but I was too stupid to understand anything in school no matter how hard I tried, didn't know what I wanted to do because I was horrible at anything financially lucrative and couldn't settle on art because everyone in my family kept discouraging me from it and now I'm forced to confront how bad I am at everything. How unskilled I am at everything. I squandered every chance my family gave me. They were never emotionally healthy for me, but god, I could have done art really well if I set my mind to it and didn't care what people think, and I didn't. If I really insisted and wasn't shamed into thinking you needed to be self-taught to be really "talented" I could have started art classes really young. I finally settled on a field that, tbh, I'm not even that interested in and I HATE my peers and I can't even get job offers for that.
As someone who is suffering from a depressive disorder, that encounter made a big impact on me. During our conversation, I was in stable mental condition which means that my depression is not overpowering me at the moment. However, this week came and it has somehow given adverse effects to my mental health. My past week in school was hell; we had an oral defense for our research paper, consecutive exams for my majors, and loads of requirements with due dates coming closer. Add to those are the anxieties I am having from my responsibilities as a student leader, as well as anxieties with my relationship with my classmates and friends. Thinking of these stuff had pushed me to the edge. I realized how tired I am as that girl I talked to and I just wanna escape everything. I have been crying every night and if it gets uncontrollable, I slash my forearm just to physically feel the unexplainable pain I currently feel. I just want everything to be done and my body is freaking tired. I found myself in a similar situation with that girl and it also haunts me that I could've also done better to save her. This has been going on for a week and my psych's not available until a week or so. I'm just tired of dealing with this and the effect of my depression on my academic and social life. Right now, I don't know what to do.
My boss doesn’t like meMy boss Emily got me my job now at a Jimmy John’s a year ago. Since then, I’ve moved up to being her assistant manager. I’m the manager that closes the store while she opens it. Ever since day 1, I’ve been working hard. I’ve given this job 100% just like I have with all the jobs I’ve been with. And it got me on salary and a manager spot. But clearly, giving 100% is the wrong move. I thought Emily was my friend but I’m starting to think she’s faking it. No matter what I do, there’s always something she has point out that I didn’t get done on my closes or just didn’t do well enough. Despite my 12 hour days, getting out of the shop by 11pm, and taking 40 minutes to drive home. Just to go back at 11am the next day and do it all again. On top of that, literally no other person puts in the effort like I do and they don’t get reprimanded like me. It’s because she’s used to everyone else’s lack of trying, but she says, “I know better” when I present the slightest bit of slack. When she’s chewed me out in the mornings, after I’m thinking I closed up well, I get no room to defend myself. In fact, I’m always just apologizing. And I’ve heard her talk shit about a few people in there, people she supposedly can’t stand, but then see her act nice and friendly with them in the work environment. So I think she’s doing that to me. I’m just the annoying little bitch that complains too much about cleaning up everyone else’s bullshit. But if I don’t clean it all up, I get chewed out for me. Yesterday was my birthday and Emily was literally the only person who didn’t wish me a happy birthday. And I go to all these lengths to please her and make sure she doesn’t bitch me out and make me feel bad about myself. I think it’s clear she’s putting on a friendly act and in reality, she just doesn’t like me.
Divorce: Better have Marathon-level endurance for this shitYeah I'm exhausted, more often than I should be. The mental and emotional sides to this are demanding on a person. I'm in a physically demanding industry/job, with long hours for long periods of time, exposed to the elements, far from home. But my job, even at it's hardest, doesn't compare to separating/divorcing someone I love. I can push my body to keep going, squeeze just a little more effort out in any conditions. But when my work day is done and I can finally rest, my body NEVER insists on doing more work. I've never had to make an effort to restrain my body from doing more work against my will. I've never caught myself powerless to stop my body from picking up a hammer or wrench and continuing a job or dashing around finding new jobs. When it's time to rest, my body rests, and I don't have to worry about physical exertion until it's time to go to work again. I've never understood why so many guys couldn't make it doing my job.
I'm 28 and never really "lived", now it seems too late.I have always been a safe, boring person. I have incredible depression and anxiety so staying in my comfort zone is a way I have coped for years. However, although this felt "safe" it made me incredibly sheltered and now I am so old with no "real world" experience. By this I mean, my day consists of going to work & going to the gym and that is ALL. Even doing those two things spike my anxiety, and feel like the emotional equivalent of climbing Mt. Everest. I don't feel like a normal person, I do not have friends to be with, I have never even had a boyfriend (or had sex, which is extremely embarrassing to admit), never traveled internationally (and have only traveled to two places within my own country), etc. This isn't how I envisioned my life, I've always wanted to travel worldwide, be a friendly person, fill my days (outside of work) with interesting hobbies, improve my programming skills, etc. However, I just grew into the worst possible version of myself I could ever imagine. I will never have love or friends or the life I want, the only option I have is to cut ties with this life.
\- Child Support- I sometimes get distributions from work based on the company earnings (I own 25 percent of the company). This is not a gauranteed thing, nor is it ever a consistent amount. Last year I did not receive any, but some years before I have, in varying quantities. Really just depends on how work went.  This is a little concerning for me as far as if they're going to use this as my part of my child support "income" . If child support is calculated based on a fluctuating, non-consistent value, then I'm worried that if our company has a bad year or two as we have before,  I'm going to be having to pay high amounts of payments for a year where I make a significant chunk of less money. Things are already tight since we split.  I had a meeting with a third party attorney just for general counsel. Neither myself or my wife is being represented by any lawyers in this mediation, but this third party did tell me that if they were representing me, they would argue that child support should be based on just my standard salary earnings- because those don't change.  How do I negotiate something like this in mediation without a representing attorney?
Hello, My name is "Slut" Let give you an idea of how my family lived. My mother who was a single parent lived with her mother and father along with other siblings in a huge house on a reservation. My biological Father was living his own life for reasons I'd rather keep as it is, a mystery. As he passed away over 10yrs ago. At first I never knew my father until my mom introduced me to Darcy(rn). Say that this man is my father. As a loving a caring happy go lucky child I took it as is and accepted him as my father. A few months later he would have his first solo visit. Worst mistake. I'm told by Darcy that one night while all three of us slept, says that I grabbed him during the night. And before you ask I was 4yrs old and slept with my mother in her room as I didn't have one. And Darcy well you can guess let rest. So, being I never gotten into any real trouble before then I felt I had to accept my mistake and face the consequences as my mother and mushum(grandfather) had taught me. It led my me to jacking off a man I thought was my father. That was the first instance. Now let's explain this piece of shits family. His mother, Let's call her Grump. His father, Let's call him Rich. His Niece, Let's call her Cuntmaster 5000. Just kidding. Cunt. Grump hated me the first moment she saw me. Whereas she would treat Cunt like a queen and get her whatever she asked for. Cunt was the prime example of a spoiled brat. Rich? Well Rich isn't important to the story.
I am so depressed about my non existent love lifeI am 23 years old (I am 5'4 and weigh 120 lbs) and I never get approached and men pretty much never flirt with me and I have never even had a guy ask for my number before. I never have guys start conversations with me or small talk. It's really been getting me down and making my self esteem low to the point that when I am in my room I literally start crying and cannot continue to study anymore (I am in college) and get really depressed because I hear other women getting male attention or interest but I never seem to get any indication that a guy is attracted to me or wants romance with me. Yes, it may seem crazy that I cry and get depressed but I want to find love like everybody else. I cry almost everyday because I don't understand what is wrong with me-why no one likes me? I don't know if I have depression or something but this is literally something that really gets me feeling really sad and down because I just feel and believe like I am 100% going to end up all alone for the rest of my life because no one expresses interest in me.
Collateral damage of a mid life crisis.Newish to reddit, I am ten months into the divorce process. My husband of 35 years decided he wanted to divorce me. While I knew something was wrong I had no idea that was what was coming. He had quit talking to me and was spending a lot of time away from home but answered everything was fine when I tried repeatedly to discuss it. He told me two days after our daughter's wedding and left for four days. When he returned, he said there was nothing to discuss and he saw no point in marriage counseling. He said some really hurtful things that night that really came out of the blue. I realized later that all the things he thought I was was saying and feeling were the voices in his head that he projected on to me. All his insecurities and his perceived failures as we approach our late fifties he took out on me. It left me paralyzed for weeks unable to even start the process of figuring out what to do. I told him that he had to tell our grown children and I would never lie to them. He cried when he called our son, cried when he called our daughter (who was on her honeymoon) but then felt relief that it was over and felt everyone should just be okay with everything. He moved into another building on our property, brought home the Harley that he had hidden from me, purchased with cash that he had hidden from me, and spent every weekend with the girlfriend he had hidden from me. His do-over life had begun. Wonderful, wonderful friends (and a great therapist) got me through the "what the hell do I do now" first weeks. That was the first month of my divorce story.
I understand suicideI'm starting to understand people who commit suicide. It's like, when you know you have the rest of your life to look forward to but you look at your life and just can't imagine living it every day, year after year. You have people tell you it gets better but it's been years and it hasn't so it probably won't and you're tired...so tired. You just don't want to fight through the day anymore. I think when you commit suicide it's with the knowledge that there will be people hurting once you're gone but the idea that your pain will end may make it seem worth it. Suicide is indeed selfish but, perhaps for some, they have to be selfish because for years they put everyone else first. Always gave and gave and gave and no one bothered to see how they were...how they were managing...if they were ok. Maybe they were sucked dry by life and just couldn't take it anymore. For some, life is fleeting and they live it to its fullest...they enjoy it and love it...but for others...its so long...never-ending...painful. Being alive and living are two different things. Maybe some people who commit suicide actually died a long time ago but the people in their lives were so busy taking, they couldn't give a minute to realize. Death is funny like that; it's not always on a physical level.
Filing for divorce will ruin his lifeOur story is a long one, I’ve posted here plenty of times from the very beginning when I was trying to make things work until he left. He said that he didn’t love me and he wasn’t happy. We’ve been separated for 5 months and I don’t see us getting back together. He broke me in a way that I can not see him the same. We have a daughter together and he chose to only see her a couple of hours a week and recently when she was in urgent care he didn’t stick around to see what was wrong. He has disappointed me on multiple occasions and has also said some hurtful things along the way. I was thinking of filing for divorce in the next couple of months but I was informed today that if I do so, he could get his “green card,” for lack of better words, taken away. Our marriage was not for his papers, it was a true marriage in which we loved each other when we got married. Things changed after I had a stillborn 3 years ago. I want a divorce but I don’t want to ruin his life just because he has damaged mine. I don’t want my daughter to suffer because of me. I hate this. I hate that I’m the only one that cares in all of this. I hate that I now have to deal with being alone and being a “single” mom. I hate that I have to start over at the age of 29. I feel happy the majority of time, but sometimes I cant help but feel lonely.  And now I can’t divorce him and move on with my life.
I don't want to kill myself. But I don't want to keep living anymore. I'm fucking miserable day in and day out and nothing helps. I've lost interest in **everything** i once loved doing. Apathy consumes me, I haven't had genuine fun in years, I haven't been even remotely happy in six months. I used to be smart, happy, outgoing. I could actually remember things. Not anymore. I have an incredibly short memory, I forget things that people told me 5 minutes ago. My eyesight keeps getting worse and the surgery I had to fix my lazy eye a few years ago didn't do shit. I'm clearly not happy.  I've become stupid. I don't really talk to anyone, even at work. I don't know **how** to talk to people anymore. I have no real friends beyond the other end of the computer screen. My parents grow increasingly disappointed in me. The only thing that kind of makes me happy is seeing my dogs. Nothing else. Not playing video games with my friends, not talking to friends, watching new TV shows, movies, nothing. My parents grow increasingly disappointed in me, actually no. They probably fucking hate what I've become. Smart kid with the world infront of him to fat piece of shit who isn't even capable of being happy anymore.
 B is for bare.  It only weighed a few grams, but that wedding ring is conspicuously gone.  Somehow the loss of just this small weight throws your entire body off balance.  Your left arm now feels weightless and you get a slight feeling of vertigo when you think about it.  You walk through the grocery story with your two hands clutching the shopping cart, wondering if the people passing you in the aisles are as aware of your bare finger as you are.  Will they treat you differently?  For so long that single ring was a comforting reassurance of what your future years might look like.  You only had to rub a thumb over it gently during tough times to remind yourself that you'd invested in happiness and stability and worries of the future would dissipate.  It had felt like the anchor in the choppy bay. Your North Star.  Or was it more like Dumbo's Magic Feather?  When you now find yourself constantly rubbing your thumb over that bare spot your future manifests as only a grey fog.  Nothing is written for you anymore (was it ever?). Depending on the day, this is either massively terrifying or exhilarating beyond measure.
My girlfriend took her own life today. I don't know how to handle this.She texted me to say good bye while I was gone for a couple hours today. I was busy and didn't even see the message for 30 minutes. She was gone by the time I got back home. She had been fighting depression and I guess she lost. I called friends and family for support right after 911. They've been with me all day, but now that everyone is sleeping, I can't. The image of her hanging there will haunt me until my dying days. That was my baby, my better half. Falling asleep without her at my side just feels wrong. There's a huge hole in me and I don't know what to do or how to handle it. I just cry, I've been crying since 3pm. My face hurts, hell, my whole body hurts. To anyone that has lost their love, how did you handle it? What gave you the will to want to go another day? Or anyone that just wants to talk, keep my mind off that image. Not suicidal though, couldn't imagine putting someone through what I'm feeling.
I try to please others more than helping myself whenever I need itSo recently I’ve been getting more and more unhappy with everything. I’m in a relationship and have everything I’d really want like a car, job, video games, girlfriend, friends(sort of), it really seems like paradise. Ive dealt with severe depression, self harm and I’ve tried to end it before. I gotten over it last year but I’m afraid it’s all coming back. My girlfriend thinks that it’s always her fault whenever I’m unhappy with life which makes me feel a 100 times worse. I just don’t know how to explain to her that I’m sorry about everything and that I’ve been distant to not make her feel bad about anything. But also I think about what others want more than I actually stop and listen to myself about what I want out of life. But it’s just been getting harder and harder to move on. I frequently take long drives to places where my friends I’m no longer friends with had the most fun just to feel some kind of nostalgic happiness that comes from it. I just can’t shake the feeling of constantly getting more and more unhappy with everything. I don’t really know what to do now. I had help before but I lost those friendships and now I’m left alone in my room.. I just don’t know where to go from here
I was choking back tears. I felt this ugly pain I had not felt in such a long time. This home. My home. Our home. Something we both had worked for. She still lived there. I live in a one bedroom apartment that I rent. I just felt so ... down. Why had I lost so much? Why had this simple phone call sent me to a precipice, to the edge of my emotions again? All these emotions just vomited back up, just barely at the surface, and I cannot escape them. Yeah, I go out with friends. I saw San Holo a few months ago, and I bought tickets to Vampire Weekend. I slept with a girl who I had fresh feelings for. I learned. I loved. I laughed. And it feels like I put miles between the experience. Boom. Everything erupts again. It's like I am back in our room, crying and fighting over values and goals. I can feel the pain and sadness invading my thoughts. Emotional memory is incredible, it elicits a near identical copy of what you went through. As if your brain is saying, "Don't forget this. Don't you ever fucking forget this." It ebbs and flows, and today it typhooned. Thoughts I'd share, because you have to shore up and prepare for the typhoons. Don't forget about them, don't ever stop progressing and moving.
I think the biggest tragedy of this place is that there are more than 100K of us hereI bet for a majority of us, this is the only help we'll ever get.  The system is absolutely fucked up man.  There is so much suffering going on in the world and the people in power just shrug their shoulders and jerk themselves off some more.   I hope civilization continues, and I hope that the historians of the future are just as cold and ruthless when remembering this era of history as the people currently ruling it.   I hope there's studies about us, and that the practices of today are admonished like the barbaric practices of the past.   We haven't evolved at all, all we have now is technology to howl into the void.  As a collective, we fail on every single level.  We've never left the late 1800s.  The only difference between now and then are cars and goods delivery.   We're still barbaric, we're still rugged individuals instead of a society.   We have completely squandered everything we learned coming out of WWII.   What sucks is that we could all realize this, but it's too late to change course.
I'm just sick of having to go through all this bullshit. There is nothing better on the other side. And I mean, on the other side of whatever life has in store for me. It's all bullshit. Everything is bullshit. I'm done being made to feel like I should be ashamed, like I should feel bad for not giving a shit about life. It's all bullshit. Sick of being seen as an embarrassment. It almost makes you wish the worst upon humanity. But that's all bullshit too. It's all pointless. People's thoughts and opinions are pointless. Mine are pointless. People's aspirations and dreams are pointless. So are mine. Nothing fucking matters. I don't know when I'm going to have the courage to end it all. I just wish I didn't have to go through this bullshit. I wish I could just take comfort in my hedonistic pleasures that everyone just loves to demonize and call "addictions" when you'd rather induldge in them instead of, say, building relationships with others, saving money, learning new things, and trying to find a better job.
“Did you forget about me, Mr. Duplicity?”Married 16 years and last year I find out he was cheating. It’s really the same story that everyone tells. Like I always thought it was just in movies or exaggerated by people. Nope, it’s real, and it happened to me.  Every woman has her suspicions here and there, but they usually pass.  At least for me they did. I never, ever thought he would cheat no matter how much we fought or argued. I was so naive. Last year in March I caught him cheating. Fell asleep at her house and didn’t come home. Nearly drove me and our 2 kids crazy with worry thinking the worst. Only to find out he was with another women.  I was devastated. Absolutely broken. I lost all trust. My feelings for him just somehow, went away. I felt nothing for him. I blamed myself. Yet I stayed. I stayed because he was all I knew. I was afraid I couldn’t move on alone. I didn’t have the strength to go through a divorce,  so I stayed. Convinced myself it was for the sake of the kids.
As soon as I got this job, I let go of the bitterness. As soon as I realized my relationship was shit, I stopped mourning it. I'm not immune to the occasional trigger that seems to pop up out of nowhere, but those pangs pass pretty quickly now. Mostly what I feel for my ex-wife is pity. I feel sorry that this is how she decided to deal with whatever problems led her to this, that she opted to destroy her marriage in spectacular fashion rather than work on both us and herself. She's going to be the same sad woman, but I was forced to take a long hard look at myself and fix as many of my faults as I could see. I'm *still* fixing those faults and will be for a very long time, but at least I'm cognizant of what not to drag into the next relationship. I'm trying every day to be the best man that I can be. I owe it to myself and to anyone in this world who cares about me or depends on me. And I realize now that I want to be a dad...I just didn't want to be a dad *with her*.
I'm just tiredI was diagnosed with depression at 12. Always been severe but this past 6 months has been the worst. I've tried doing everything recommended. I reach out for support, even being blunt about it, and the response I get off of everyone I'm close to in life is that they have it worst or that I'm wrong for feeling this way and to get over it. Today I went to a gig, and unexpectedly the headliner played a song about his friend who committed suicide at age 23, 23 being the song name. I heard that, and for the first time in those 6 months I felt, not happy, but not totally depleted either. It was a bit encouraging and for the first time I considered other options that killing myself (I've been planning for the last 3 months). After the gig, I told my partner that and tried to open up to him about my feelings and he immediately shut them down. He kept saying I was wrong for feeling that way then ditched me in a park at night. I broke down and walked straight to the bridge above the river but couldn't do anything because there just happened to be police so I went back home where he just continues shouting at me. He finally left me alone and now I'm here. I literally want nothing else more than to just die. I'm in constant pain and I don't have any support. I just want it to end.
I'm on a lossThese past few days have been hard for me, I've been sleeping a lot lately, but I can't seem to regain strength to do anything, this feeling has been affecting me a lot on my daily life right now, and it really bums me out. Hell, even as I type this now I'm not sure what to say, there's not enough motivation to get me going. It's also hard because a lot of people have been rooting for me because they tell me I'm smart, but it's hard to be in this kind of pressure. I'm not who they think I am, I do what I do (I'm a university student majoring in Information Technology) because I love what I do, I love to code, but recently, I lost the motivation to do it. I just kind of fell and it's been really hard for me, my only escape is to sleep and dream. I haven't reached to the point that I'm suicidal, but I feel like I shouldn't have lived, I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want to exist. It's been really hard, I do not know what to do, I'm alone...
I worked seasonal at kohl’s from Oct 18, 2018- Jan 5, 2019. Sometime within the next two weeks I had an interview and was hired on the spot for Pizza Hut, to be ignored and blown off until sometime early March to come in for training. Throughout Jan-March of “working” at pizza hut (they said their computer was down so they couldn’t schedule me) I applied at other places. The day before I was supposed to start training for Pizza Hut I got two job offers, Tropical Smoothie and Arbys. I called pizza hut and quit right there because they blew me off anyways so i said screw it and went to Tropical Smoothie. Because of me not working for a few months I was broke and I ended up not being able to make the drive to TS (30ish minutes and i drive a truck and i wasn’t getting good hours to put towards gas) and i was worried about getting stranded, plus they ended up treating me like garbage. I told them i would finish my week and i was done, after that i went to arbys. I’m now at Arbys and I’m happy there, although i don’t like working with food. Yesterday i got a job offer from Bordines, one of my dream jobs working in a greenhouse, but it’s 30 mins away and i would lose more money during the drive so i had to pass that up. Today I got a job offer to be a cleaner at a Vets office but they won’t pay me minimum wage because i’m a minor (17F). Along with all the job stuff, i graduate in June and i have my open house. I just feel like there’s so many options and instability that i’m going insane and i don’t know what to do. There’s a job i really want at Wojos, another greenhouse, that’s 15 minutes away. But, it’s seasonal, meaning i’d be out of a job pretty soon and i’d be back to where i started. I’m gonna at least call them today to see if they’ve looked at my application.
I'm an average guy that goes to university and all that stuff, I live a life full of everything and nothing at the same time. I don't have friends and those that I've had have abused and trampled on my trust and good will.  As a child I was loved by my parents, till I was like three years old, from that age on everything has been get what you want and do it on your own. This in turn has made me everything that I am today in terms of the fact that now I have two jobs with good salaries that are above the pay grade of any other average or above average worker here in my country and the numbers keep going higher and higher, developing a thing for programming and computer science wasn't a bad pick for a 5 year old kid. I lived through a colorful period during my highschool days, glad to say that's over because it definitely wasn't easy. People in the school were untrustworthy and most of the time either jealous or pissed off at me for some reason. Despite that I never gave up, I picked up on books and what I was interested in and headed for achieving a certain goal to reach a certain level which i have right now.
A post-divorce update - you can do thisHi all. When my ex wife dropped the news she wanted a divorce, my world was turned upside down. I wanted to work to keep our family together, but she was done. The toughest part was knowing I wouldn't be with my son half the time and he would be raised between two homes. This is something we've had to work on as amicable co-parents to show our son how much we still love him and show a united and mutually supportive front as his parents to maintain some semblance of family. We were fortunate enough to avoid lawyers altogether. We talked out who should get what, custody terms (50/50), etc., and wrote it all in an agreement. If you can work to make this happen it will save tons of money and heartache. She moved out of our house immediately. My time alone in the house was really pivotal. I could've let depression get the best of me. But instead, I decided to work on improving my self and my situation in every way possible. Taking slow and steady steps and working towards improvement. I started getting in shape - really working out hard throughout each day, eating way better, cleaning and getting organized, improving finances, going out and being social, reaching out to my network of old friends and colleagues to get plugged back in, buying some nice clothes, going on a much-needed vacation. After 6 months we got our divorce decree. We've been divorced for 6 months now. I've gotten in much better shape, rekindled old friendships, done lots of dating, and found an important new relationship that makes me happy, bought a nicer house and rented out our marital home, got a new car, traveled more, excelled at work moving into an executive position, and things with our son are going very well. We're all happy. My ex and I have both moved on and I wish her the best. I feel like the stars really aligned, but it took lots of determination and hard work. Just know you can still be your best self. You can grind those lemons into lemonade. Being divorced is so much better than being in a miserable and toxic relationship. Believe in yourself and work on yourself. There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
We'll start with my job. I don't dislike the work, really. But, I feel constantly at odds with those around me. I work in an small office of 4-9 people, depending on the time of day. This office is in northern Florida where the good-old-boy mentality and conservative values are the norm. I don't relate to, understand or subscribe to any of this. They generally operate on the standard of one-upping everyone around them, I guess, as a way of being accepted by everyone else. I HATE this. I don't feel the need to compete constantly on a personal level with everyone else. When I do, I feel like I receive even more resistance because I'm somehow a new challenge or something. When I don't, I'm treated like I'm unimportant and inconsequential. Now, I'd be happy to avoid all of this altogether, but there's litterally nowhere to go to get away from it. It's a family business (the boss being my brother, but I won't get into the stress that that creates) so, I feel some responsibility to the company and I make better money than I would working anywhere else as my experience outside of this company is limited to restaurant work. I dread work everyday and constantly think of what I could do to make it more enjoyable or of a way our, but nothing seems realistic.
I just don't like life anymore.I've had my time and feel pretty close to done. It was fun until you look under the cover to find the upside down fuckery you were brought to believe. To me, gods dead if he was ever real, people die every day from what 'helps' them, and if you think I'm full of shit, look at how many pills we eat. We're degrading as humans, with most of us, including myself as overweight slobs, degrading what was once a strong human race with mindless garbage and brainwashing every day, the kids that we need to raise to carry on this planet are dropping out and becoming criminals and delinquents at a drastic rate, racists aren't being punished while good people pay for their bullshit narratives and bullshit arguments. And if the opioids haven't killed you yet, then the constant pressure of global nuclear meltdown seems like a fun way to raise your kids around, nothing like knowing you and everything you love could be gone in an instant to warm up our hearts. People say that suicide is turning into a meme, or it already is, because it's becoming such a normal thing that it has comedic value, suicide is so ingrained in our minds to begin with, they might as well teach us how to tie a noose in kindergarten. And I know this is going on for a long time, and I'm known to make run along sentences, but I think the world could've been better, if dumbasses didn't control it, or if we hadn't of killed soo many of our own humans, hadn't let governments rule our societies, if we just let humans be human, instead of making the one pinical human to be, the shiniest shit in a pile of filth diversity without prejudice is key, instead of blaming the white guy or the black guy, and white guys especially, me as one, I feel personally threatened by my own world, like I'm supposed to just sit back and watch as the world we had original intentions to protect and preserve, just to sit back and watch it all crumble.
Our toddler(another story).  Well it crushed me and she sat there! Sat there without a care in the world look. I told her I wanted a break thinking maybe it will fix it while staying as calm as I could. Not until I thought it best to tell our boys 9,4 what was going on. My oldest went to hug her and she didn’t move said she couldn’t look at him and finally broke into tears. But still would not say anything. So a few hours later she went to stay with my mom after opening up enough to try and blame me for cheating or something random. All in front of our boys which is the last thing I wanted. Weekend comes and goes and she’s back at the house being extremely over bearing. To the point of every time I move it’s what’s wrong or apologizing for every single little thing. But I don’t know if it’s the place I had to put myself I. Mentally but I don’t have anymore feelings for her like none. Sexually physically mentally at all. I’ve tried to be interested and want somthing but it’s not there anymore. Talked to a few friends and they say follow my heart my happiness and my boys having two parents that are happy alone is better than shitty together. I don’t know what to do or say. I’ve been thinking of plans and what I’m going to do if separation is the end and the more I think about it the more I want it. Today I find my self talking with her like nothing ever happened and it’s scaring me and confusing me st the same time. Is there a way to bring it up outside of just coming out. I mean things are on right now but to many times of the same thing over and over has made me worry about what could happen?
From there we had a temporary matters hearing. It was interesting, but it went far better than I could have expected. The interesting part is that she got two different people to lie for her. HARD. One said I was a suicidal alcoholic and the other painted me as being a horrible, dis-attached father. Neither had more than a dying spark of truth. I did struggle with suicidal ideations at one point, but I was in therapy and had been taking medication. I was actually off of the meds by the time the temporary matters hearing rolled around (at the supervision of my therapist and PCP) and my therapist said I had made a remarkable recovery. Would you be surprised if I told you the recovery only started making headway when the paperwork was filed? The other spark of truth was that I was not as present as I wanted to be. This had been due to my previous depression and my work schedule. That said, I was quite present and I spent all of my spare time with our kids as all long as our kids were awake and I was awake. I had actually completely changed my sleep schedule, too, so that I could maximize my time with our kids. It's taken a toll on my health, but it's honestly worth it.
Im really not doing wellI havent eaten anything since lunch yesterday, and that was my only meal since lunch the day before. I almost passed out today when I stood up from my chair. I would eat more but I dont wake up early enough to eat breakfast and I dont have any friends so I dont like to eat alone. Im in college and I know people dont care or give a shit about it but I just cant muster up the fucking courage to go out and get food and eat it alone. I also ran out of water in my room and the nearest place to fill up my bottle is far away so even if I dont eat, Im gonna need water. Also I kind of wanted to go out and walk around and see where my classes are but I was scared I would pass out in the process lmao. this is despicable, why am i this way. Ive never had no friends before and I am not adjusted. I think growing up I always had the same group of friends for the most part but now that im fucking depressed i have no energy to make friends and why would anybody want to be friends with someone who is always sad, boring, and awkward.
She has been openly talking about a divorce just as easy as a kid might talk about candy; she claims now that she has been given "more hours" over the past few weeks. She normally worked from 7 am to 3pm granted her schedule could shift around some - but for the sake of convention, let's just say her shifts are normally from 7 am to 3 pm (which also happens to be when I am at school/doing research). Supposedly, her job is now granting her overtime from 7 am to 8/9 pm (yeah, 13 to 14 hours per day, right?). If it's the honest case that she is actually working those hours, I can only assume she is doing so to save up money to live on her own. However, what reeks in this situation is that she also has changed the pin on her phone and has tried to put various bills and accounts in her name with mixed success. When I confronted her about it, she refused to disclose anything. At this point, so many ducks are lining up in a row that it seems like she is having an affair. Of course, most apps to spy required access to her phone, and she is a tricky devil. She clutches it next to her, turns it off whenever I walk into a room and see her texting, and even as she sleeps tucks it beneath her pillow. Even if I suspect she is having an affair, at this point as you all can see, I don't have a viable way of proving any suspicions.
Thing is, ex-husband has been planning to move out of state for his future job for months now, at a point over the summer. He got a career offer while in school and supposedly has a position waiting for him the second he graduates and makes the move. He told her as much as far back as October, but she completely disagreed to the move. Regardless, he still wants to do it and plans to do it, and thinks he'll be able to maintain aforementioned 50/50 custody when he does it. The place is eight hours away in a different state from where they're currently residing, and as said, she has no desire to move whatsoever. There was also a point at a previous mediation where he said he'd forget the move and instead find work much closer (of which there is plenty available), but he not long afterwards dropped out of that verbal deal and backpedaled to his first plan. She has a job she likes and wants to advance in here, she wants to stay, and her kids like it here - they're rooting in. She's already put off divorcing him, uprooted, and moved them all once before (just so he could attend said school), but she's adamant about not doing it again. Hence why she finally filed here in PA, when she had the window of opportunity. She's been the primary caregiver for the kids throughout the majority of their lives so far. If the ex-husband does move, he's claimed his own parents are willing to sell their home from where they're from and move to the same area in order to support him and the family through all this. That, on top of the fact that he would be making a good deal more money than her (aside from the mountain of school debt he's accumulated), seem to be the primary factors in him thinking he can keep that 50/50 custody with the move, despite such a long distance case probably winding up to be a total nightmare for the kids.
When I was first aware that I had been laid low by the disease, I felt a need, among other things, to register a strong protest against the word “depression.” Depression, most people know, used to be termed “melancholia,” a word which appears in English as early as the year 1303 and crops up more than once in Chaucer, who in his usage seemed to be aware of its pathological nuances. “Melancholia” would still appear to be a far more apt and evocative word for the blacker forms of the disorder, but it was usurped by a noun with a bland tonality and lacking any magisterial presence, used indifferently to describe an economic decline or a rut in the ground, a true wimp of a word for such a major illness. It may be that the scientist generally held responsible for its currency in modern times, a Johns Hopkins Medical School faculty member justly venerated — the Swiss-born psychiatrist Adolf Meyer — had a tin ear for the finer rhythms of English and therefore was unaware of the semantic damage he had inflicted by offering “depression” as a descriptive noun for such a dreadful and raging disease. Nonetheless, for over seventy-five years the word has slithered innocuously through the language like a slug, leaving little trace of its intrinsic malevolence and preventing, by its very insipidity, a general awareness of the horrible intensity of the disease when out of control. - William Stryon
We went our separate ways that night and I stayed with some friends. The next morning I was on the phone with a friend from in town who I was supposed to meet up with to plan a class reunion. He was listening and thought I sounded so formal to the point where he thought I was on the phone with a lawyer about ending everything. He said that realization that it could be over made him extremely upset and made him want to work on things. And now it has gone from absolutely nothing (in terms of emotional and physical love) to the complete opposite. He is leaving me love notes, trying to kiss me, even jumping in the shower with me. I told him I need time and I need space. To go from essentially no affection and emotional/physical affirmation for all these years to this all of the sudden is too much for me. It almost makes me more mad that what I have been trying to tell him for the last 5 years didn't hit him until right now. And right now I think it's too late. I simply do not love him anymore. I have love for him, and I would never wish ill upon him, but I just do not feel that way about him. And I haven't for quite a long time. I have always been a people-pleaser and I put others before myself. But I want to be happy, I need to be happy.
If ANYONE actually read all of this, thank you. Thank you for listening, thank you for your attention. I don't have many people I would call true friends, at least in a personal sense. I have people I've put my life on the line for and others who have done the same for me but that was something different. They don't want to hear my problems, they just want to know that I have their back when the going gets rough, and of course I do. But that doesn't make for a true friend or confidant. My wife was. She was my best friend, my confidant, and she has even offered to be there to talk to me but I can't keep putting my pain on her. She's more than earned a respite especially since she has so much of her own that I struggled to shoulder. So annoymous internet friend, thank you for helping lift this burden even momentarily. If anyone would like to talk more, please message me. If you have questions, if you have answers, if you have sage advice, I'm taking all comers because I'm sitting here, alone, in my hotel room, and just want some company.
Losing someone you truly care about is probably one of the most agonizing experiences of the human existence. Someone you feel safe with, that you feel you can share not only your best, but your utmost fears as well. It never ceases to amaze me just how callous some people are capable of being in spite of someone genuinely showing that they honestly care. You feel awful, they don’t flinch. Truth and honesty have become a luxury. And it’s only made worse by the lack of clarity in your own support system. Sometimes, you have friends that readily support you. Sometimes, there are those who might care, but have a way of showing it or saying things that only dig the knife in deeper. Sometimes, they try to give the tough love routine. I find it unfortunate that expressing feelings or disclosing your fears has become as taboo and possibly even unacceptable in our society. You know you aren’t stupid, but sometimes, the reaction those closest to you give can make you feel that way. You can appreciate it, but at the same time, you wish you could tell them just how much what they say hurts. Especially when they have their own preconceived notions and refuse to budge on things. Ultimately, you’re only left feeling even more isolated.
I wish I was deadThere’s genuinely no reason to bother anymore. I can’t get anybody to take me seriously and I’m so alone all the time. It feels like I’m just watching the rest of the world be happy and I’m just staying stuck. I’m constantly apologizing and I’m so awkward in public, I feel like im making a complete idiot of myself every time I interact with people. A lot of my friends arent real and people say to just make new ones but I would’ve by now. People just don’t like me and they never have. They’ve always just given me weird looks or randomly left me. I’m constantly guilty and ashamed and I hate who I am so much, I feel like I’m just wasting resources at this point because other people who are more productive than me and better equipped for the world deserve my place. So many people deserve the life i have, and they would do something meaningful with it. But all I can do is be useless and there’s no reason for me to be around anymore. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because there are people in my family who love me but one day they’re going to die and I think about it all the time. I’m the only child to older parents and I’m always thinking about how they’re going to leave me and I’ll be all alone in the world then. I don’t want to wait for that to happen. Sorry this is such a mess, thanks for reading if you did
I see things posted all around like “it’s okay if all you did today was survive” but is it? I can already feel the rage and resentment of the “why couldn’t you just do it?? Everyone has to work. Everyone just wants to sleep all the time but they don’t!”. I know. But how am I supposed to do all these things when I don’t want any of it. I don’t even want to be alive, how can I want to succeed enough to graduate from college or find a good job? I just don’t want to participate in this world. I am so tired of trying. I don’t believe I’ll get better, and I don’t even really want to die, I just feel like I should want to die for being a failure. Like it would be more honorable to be in agony and kill myself than it would be to just be at peace. I feel like if it wasn’t for all the lofty expectations other people place on me I would be okay. I really don’t want much. Why is it my job to make someone else happy or proud? I do not want friends or money or fame—all I want is to be left alone, and yet somehow that is the most shameful choice I can make. I just feel paralyzed.
Through this trial some events with my family I haven't been making good money at work. My ex and I are trying to make friends work until we can work on our issues and get ourselves into a better spot to talk about trying again. I've been really sad. I've been hysterical crying sometimes, other times I've laid in the fetal position outside in our shed sobbing because i know no one will actually help. Here lately tho, the last two weeks it's not sadness anymore it's just anger. I wake up anger I go to bed anger. I try to get high as a kite so I can avoid my anger and it doesn't help. I don't know how to deal with this. I don't want to be a provider for a family. I just want to be on my own. I got a job I start next week. I'm gonna be selling cars so I should be able to make good money. I can't even look forward to it or get excited. I'm so overwhelmingly angry and the few times I'm not angry I'm just numb. I feel nothing I sit and the cigarette burns but I don't even remember to inhale it. I'm doing what I can to make it better. I got a psych appointment I'll need to reschedule cause I don't have the 160 for the copay lol. In my head I know what I'm doing will help me get out of the house and getting out of the house will help my issues. I just wanted someone to read and listen to what I wanted to say. No one let's me talk everyone always tells me about how much it's worse for them or for someone else. Thanks for listening. Sorry if the formatting or grammar sucks
I know there are others out there is much worse situations than mine. My husband never hit me or caused me any physical harm. I believe that emotional abandonment is almost just as harmful and painful as physical pain. This is what he did to me. He was so incapable of emotional attachment that I struggled to grasp at something that simply was not there. His incapability to let go of his past and overcome the struggles he had caused a rift in his life that will never be fixed because to him there is nothing wrong. His brokenness has become a normality for him to the extent that he believes that he is normal. As much as I love this man it is  up to him to realize that he is not ok. It is up to him to realize that he is so emotionally stunted that he is incapable of emotionally connecting with anyone in his life. This even includes his daughter. Yes he loves our daughter. Yes he is there for her but the truth is he is only physically there for her. Emotionally he has abandoned her.
To him: Life has been good. The last 5 years of my life were the best, most happy, enjoyable 5 years of my life. Everything has turned up on its head. For the past 3 months, I’ve lived in a constant state of deep sadness, anger, and fear. The person that just three months ago was hugging me, kissing me, and telling me she loves me, is now perceived as a pretentious, snotty, “rich girl” in my head because of you. The hate that flows through my veins is unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. As well as the strong feeling of missing her. Whatever happens, I want you to fully understand that this is 100% your fault. You seem like you enjoy my pain. If you knew what i felt every day you wouldn’t. I know what you’re gonna say; “i loved her for the whole time you were dating her. So i know the feeling” fuck you. You never had her like i did. Imagine after five years of you owning your car, I just stole it and drove it around you and showed it off to be an ass. I just don’t know how you could do this to someone you called a friend. After all this shit we’ve done together. After being best friends since 6th grade (with some ups and downs), I’m not sure how you can do this to me. I wouldn’t do it to you.
Work causing me anxiety and hindering sleep?So I'm a line cook at a pretty popular, moderately classy restaurant. It's my first job in a kitchen after culinary school and I'm well aware that, having only done it for 6 months, this will probably fade. I don't pretend to know everything, because frankly I'm 100% a novice and an amateur. But I do have a level of confidence in my skills. Anyway, onto the point. This industry is notoriously stressful and hard on the people who make a living from it, especially the ones who do it as a career and not just a job. It puts an enormous amount of strain on you physically, and tenfold emotionally. It's actually quite hard to adequately describe just how much of a beating you take daily. Don't mistake this as me complaining because I love what I do. But the stress has been taking its toll on me of late. I'll get home from work completely exhausted but unable to get comfortable. I'll not be able to sit still as I'll be so incredibly anxious. And when I finally start to drift off, my mind will wander and I'll think of work, of being on the line, getting tickets, and I'll jump in a startle, thinking I'm behind or that I have orders to make. It'll happen continuously, over and over until I finally fall asleep. Have any of you experienced something similar, or know of any ways to deal with it?
Just need to hear I’m not aloneHello, everyone. I am going through this whole divorce thing, and boy is it pure hell. I had been with my ex for around 9 years. I just turned 30. We have had tension for years, because I just didn’t attend to her as much as she needed or wanted. I was dealing with my own demons, and it’s easier for me to shut down and go through the motions. I just didn’t think it was as bad as it was for her, I suppose. I thought and still think she is the love of my life. It just feels right with her, even in the bad times. I didn’t want a divorce, and I tried to get therapy together and separately, desperate to save us. It was just too late. I feel absolutely no hope about anything unless I’m with our beautiful 4 year old girl. Her presence reassures me that good does still exist. It’s just so hard trying to come to terms with not being good enough to fight for. I know that no matter what she did or didn’t do, I’d forgive her and work on making us better. My moods are all over the place, as some days I try to be tough and fight away thoughts of her. Others, I cry so much that I really think I run out of tears. I had to delete all of my social media, because I didn’t want to see her going on without me. She is being understanding and supportive of me through this, which makes me feel all the more a mess. I miss the way her hands fit in mine, or the smell of her skin. I know that through the joys of life in my future, my heart will try to mend itself. But I know that it’ll never be enough. I guess I’m just hoping this was all part of some bigger plan, and I’ll come out a better man.
I am very depressed but this moment seemed to change that...I am 16 and a half and I was hanging out with some friends last Saturday. I drank 7 beers and then we decided to go to an abandoned warehouse and screw around. After an hour of wandering, i got ballsy and decided to climb up this ladder to the roof of one of the buildings. The building was around 50 feet tall or so. So when i climbed onto the roof (the roof was made of plastic that had been wearing down from the 10+ years of no upkeep) i walked around. there were some skylights that i had not seen because of my intoxication. i was careful at first, but when nothing happened, i started to get more confident. i stopped being careful, and i looked to where my friends were. they were at the top of the ladder, but refused to go onto the roof. i called my friend a "pussy" for not climbing up, and then proceeded to fall through a skylight. for some reason, the builders of the warehouse had put 3 cables about 4 feet under the skylight. as i fell through, i got cut up pretty bad, but my foot made contact with the cables. It wasn't much, but it was enough for my drunken self, shoulder deep in a skylight with one foot dangling in the air, to grasp on to the sides of the skylight. i was holding on by instinct alone. my mind was not focused enough to have consciously grabbed on to the sides. i came to the realization that if my left foot had been a solid 2 inches either in front of behind where it was, i would not have had the time to grab the roof and i would have fallen 50 feet onto my back or neck and i either would have been paralyzed or died. I have tried to kill myself before, but i have NEVER been so close to actually dying. this put life into a whole new perspective for me. In retrospect, it is a dope story, but it did actually happen. I think that experience has changed me in ways that any therapist never could.
I have everything but I want to dieMy friends are all amazing people, my family is loving and amazing, we aren’t broke, I feel loved, yet I want to die. I deal with depression, anxiety, and crippling pure ocd and I can’t fucking stand it anymore. Nothing makes me happy anymore. Nothing even really makes me sad. I feel completely emotionless all the time, which makes me feel like scum. Everyone loves me, I’ve even told them about my depression and only been greeted with support. I’ve done my best to fix it. I’ve began being healthy, being active, all that Jazz, but nothing changes. I want to die. I haven’t even graduated high school yet and I probably never will, I contribute nothing, I’m useless, I feel like I’m a horrible person, and I want to kill myself, but I never would, I love everyone too much. It’s just so stressful to live like this. I feel guilty for being this way, but nothing can fix it. Fuck me man. I made this account and post just because I need to vent, because anyone else would think I’m nuts or offer the same old “try this and itll get better” etc
Texas Divorce: Do I need a lawyer?We both still agree that this is not a contested divorce so far. I make lot more than her and the one to loose a lot as far as 401k and other stuff is concerned. The day after we agreed that we should file for divorce on mutually agreeable terms, she served me with divorce petition. She also hired a lawyer long back (5 months ago) which I didn't know. So far I signed the temporary decree. I understand lawyer is recommended for our case as we have one kid. My own lawyer on contract basis did review the temporary and divorce petition and did give me some helpful tips. I am waiting to see if I need a lawyer after I see the final decree. Is this the right move? My stbxw is a great mother and am a great father. We both agree on most terms as far as my kid is concerned (other than she wants to have a final say in meds, eds and location) however she can be pretty demanding as far as finances are concerned. She already put in divorce petition of income parity, fraudulent community finances use and did mention it to me that she lost on 401k savings when she took break taking care of our kid.
I couldnt get to sleep so I whispered to my sister  so she let me in her bed because I was afraid of the dark. I fell asleep and I hear a noise. It was knocking on the door I wake up my sister and my dad was locked out. My mum was still drunk and she screamed " I WANT TO BE SINGLE". That line there ruined everything for me. I was distraught I started crying as I saw my dad ( the person I looked up to) leave. So one week later can you guess what happens? No? SHE IS FUCKING MARRIED TO THIS UGLY ASS BALD HEADED FREAK. She said she wanted to be single. I only saw my dad on Saturdays and Sundays and she told him he had to pay £20 every weekend to see us. Later on in my life about when I was 6 and a half I go to bed and I wake up to shouting. I hear my mum smashing stuff and a Thud Thud Thud. Every time it was getting further away. I realise it was my step dad  (bald headed freak) getting pushed down the stairs. I have a recording of the sound on my phone. I hear screaming again. This time it's my oldest sister (I have 2 sisters younger one is the one earlier) she pulled out a kitchen knife. She put it to her head. Luckily the police came and stopped her from killing herself. I was 7 when my dad took full custody of me and my younger sister but I've always been emotionally scarred from this.
I wish it were only scylla and charybdisHere is my rollercoaster. The wife (32f) and I(32m) have been together since we were 17. Married for almost 8 of those years. On paper many things are beautiful, finances, health, looks. There is a lot of love that has existed in there at times but it has been tumultuous.  We did long distance for six years during college, she finished and I didnt. That is where things get nasty from my end. I didn't tell anyone I was failing. So a year and a half goes by and everyone thinks I just didn't feel like sitting through the ceremony, but no I did not finish and I still didn't have a job because I was so depressed.  She stuck it out with me as I happened to get a job right before this all came to light. I did that job for a while and we agreed for me to try again. Same outcome, I got depressed at feeling old(28) and still being in school, I know it is rediculous now, and I failed out. Once again didn't admit I was doing poorly until a week before expected graduation and then revealed it wasn't happening. We separated a few months and got back under the idea of creating better communication and me just going along with joining the workforce and giving up the school idea. I was down with this and it has been successful this far, I'm doing well have show a lot of promise.
In 2014, I started noticing some signs again however. No lock on the phone, but an excessive amount of time on it again. We'd be sitting on the couch and she'd be typing away. When I'd ask what she was doing she'd say she was on instagram or reddit. She claimed that she was a part of a therapy sub-reddit for people with anxiety and depression. Unfortunately, once trust is gone, there is always that seed of doubt. So again, when she left her phone out, I started poking around and found a secret email account where she was talking to several different dudes. Even shittier, she had actually created this account on my birthday, after leaving my party a little early saying she had a headache but I could stay out with our friends if I wanted. We actually broke up for a bit after this, spent about a month apart but ultimately I took her back. Swore this was the last time. I should have ended it then, but I didn't. I missed her so much and I wanted to believer her so bad.
i am stuck..i know sometimes i am not sane, and i look totally crazy, but i never thought i may ever be depressed. It is only that i tried to jump from a 15 story building. i felt so bad, and went ahead to jump. whenever i reach the top of the building someone stops me from doing it. i feel i have no importance in life anymore, and i don't deserve to live. when my parents saw that i was trying to commit suicide, i ended up in the psycotherapist ugly office. i never wanted to talk to him, i didn't even trust him to tell him anything. he told my parents that i was depressed,and i believed it. now, i never have the opportunity to jump off the building again; my parents are sticking to me, and i made a promise for someone who cares about me not to do it. i feel bad now, i feel worse than before. i don't want to go to the ugly office again, i don't want to talk to anyone face to face. when i chat to anyone, i try to sound normal for them not to get worried or sad. i try to be the cheerful girl i was before, i try to make jokes, i try to make people i chat with cheer up, but i end up crying in my room after i finish texting them. y does the world want me to stay in it so bad? i am stuck in it for now :(
I used to be optimistic and said things like it will get better and in 10-20 years I'll be a happy grown adult with many loving friends and family around me but every passing year is getting worse and worse. Everytime I think I hit rock bottom my life gets even worse and pointless. I won't get into specifics because there are too many to list but I am starting to feel like a pathetic failure. I always wanted to be the best and be someone who others could be inspired by but I just ended up becoming a no life bum. I wish I would just die while sleeping sometimes. Waking up and sleeping knowing i have to wake up again the next day are the worst feelings in the world. Just leaving my bed is a fucking challenge at this point. I wish I didn't feel this way but I do. I'll end this incoherent rant here and get it out of my system. Even if one person reads this I'll he happy that I got this out there and could share my depression and rage which I kept bottled inside of me for so long. Keep kicking y'all hopefully we can all be happy one day.
Karma 😂You know what is great, when you try to be a compromising partner and talk through issues using logic and reason. But the spouse just wants to do the exact opposite just to spite you. He said "lets move to the east coast." I said, "No, my job pays well, and I can't survive east coast weather." He says "I just like cold weather better." (He knows I hate snow). We separate, and he moves to the east coast, and guess what he's always sick, he doesn't like the people, and is trying to find his way back to the golden coast (hahahahahahaha). During child support talks he says "I can pay any amount." Doesn't decide on an amount, disappears into the dark abyss, never to hear from him. Child Support Services has jurisdiction to take the percent from his check (should start collecting end of Jan), but i find out he took a much lower paying job (hahahahahahaha). Been apart 9 months now and he's asking distant relatives if I'm talking to anyone after he says "You are making a huge mistake, and no one will want you with a child." Found three people who don't mind that I have a kid and think Im a wonderful person but I am not interested in pursuing anything seriously (haaaaaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaa). He told my ex mother in law that I never fed him enough, and I find out that he eats once a day from McDonalds. I made two to three home made meals a day....
Can stress cause THROBBING HEADACHES on one side of the head and PAIN + TIGHTNESS on one side of the neck?I have had a headache for around 2 weeks straight on a daily basis; a throbbing headache on the left side of my head. The headache ranges from the backside of my left side to the top of the backside of my left... I started experiencing these types of headaches a month ago after strenuous exercise, however the headaches disappeared after a week. But when I was stressing over an assignment these headaches returned and I still experience it to this day. Furthermore around a week ago, my left side of the neck started to feel tight and sometimes the throbbing pains seems to reach the left side of my neck nowadays. Whilst these symptoms persisted I was under a good amount of stress, and I have taken medication such as Paracetamol for a week, but pain killers do not seem to help the pain much. So, it’s just my left side of neck and head that feel the throbbing pains and tightness(neck). I can still touch my chest with my chin, my neck is not stiff just feels like it’s constantly tensing up. At first I thought these symptoms were stress headaches or migraines but now I’m getting worried as these symptoms occur on a daily basis for 2 weeks... Has anyone else experienced these symptoms from stress for a long duration?
Just closed on my house after living with friends since this all started, and it feels amazingI have two beautiful children (5yo girl and an 8yo boy). This entire thing started back in February and honestly my stbxw has been really good so far. I had to finish the long overdue bathroom renovation at the house we previously owned together to make the house ready to put on the market (a thing I really didn’t want to do because I loved that fuckin’ house but neither of us could afford it on our own). I have been staying with friends throughout this entire process. And as bad ass as my friends have been (and they really have no idea how appreciative I am of them. They think they do but they don’t), it has been impossible to build a routine. For myself, and more importantly for my children. My kids couldn’t stay at my friends with me. So on the weekends, I would alternate between my mom and dads house when I had them (also obviously very appreciative of them as well). I didn’t rush into a purchase of my own until I knew the stbxw had a house in the school district we wanted them to be in. So I waited until funds cleared on the profit of the previously mentioned house that I loved.
But then, I look back to Jesus. I ask, "How can something I believe you've called me to end like this? I've been faithful and tried my best. I don't want to let you down, but I don't think I have the strength to continue." And instead of scorning me for questioning him, or shaming me for giving up, or pointing out that scripture says he hates divorce and nudging me back to my marriage, he offers grace again. He hurts for me and understands, telling me that sometimes he'll call me to things that fail, because while his kingdom is perfect, the world is still broken. Following his call is more important to him than success. He tells me that he does hate divorce, but he hates how it hurts people. He puts his hand on my shoulder, absorbs some of the pain, and gives me strength. Not strength to mend this broken marriage, but strength to survive. Strength to come out on the other side as a better person than I've ever been, ready to follow whatever his next call is. And most importantly right now, strength to accept the grace he has given and continues to give.
I've been really suicidal the last couple of days. I'm 19, still living in my mom's house, me, her, and my 14 year old brother. My mom suffers from depression as well as me. Yesterday we had a talk in which I commented her all of my feelings and some of my thoughts about committing suicide. What it surprised me is that she asked me to die with me if I attempt suicide. She said she's been feeling suicidal too and my lost would be the worst for her, so in order to avoid such a pain, she asked me to kill her before I die, or at least, to die together by the same method. I freaked out and asked her what the fuck was wrong with her. I have a little brother, how's he gonna feel if he losts his brother and mom in the same day? Even worse, with whom is he gonna live after? Who's gonna take care of him? I seriously confronted her but she said my brother could move to my dad's home and start his life over there again. I freaked out again. My mom's crazy. I really didn't expect that to happen.
My quick depression storyI used to have dysthemia in school where I was fully functional,  had a full routine,  study,  exams,  socializing,  kept my appearance up,  inside I wanted to die everyday and slept a lot but nobody knew I wanted to die for years.  Then I became full blown depressed when a family situation drove me over the edge and didn't function for years, lost all contact with anyone I knew, had no money,  reliant on family to get food, couldn't enter a store  was terrible,sat at home thinking how my peers are probably almost finishing college while I am wanting to die that made me more depressed. I couldn't take it anymore after years of not functioning and wanting to die but being way too scared to actually commit suicide, I went on antidepressants and became functional again in society but it made me into either an obnoxious angry loud mouth or an anxious sweaty mess, I did end up falling in love with someone when trying to repeat exams,  which I failed again, I was not able to study on the antidepressant, I gave up on education and ended up staying with someone who became very abusive, was with them 6 years.  Came off the antidepressant citalopram after 8 years of life going nowhere, to go on another one effexor xr, I am at this point where I feel I fucked my life up and there is no going back. I am dependent on antidepressants,  have constant headaches on the one I am now,  no friends,  no life,  so I don't see the point in going on them in the first place. I regret not getting help earlier in school when I had dysthemia,  and letting it get so bad I went it to full blown severe depression before getting help.  If I had got help when I needed it,  I could have stayed in school and never got into an abusive relationship.  Now I have no career and feel like the biggest failure for my age.  It really gets to me when people talk about interesting experiences they have had etc... I can't respond because I've just been battling depression since 13 to now being 26. I feel like I have being living in a hole and being on the antidepressants made me forget about it and be happy but I never really got out of it where I can breathe and feel relieved.
Now I'm just in this stupid fucking empty house, her unfinished food bowl I emptied into the trash can, guess I'll find someone w/ a cat to take the rest of the unfinished food I have, her favorite type.  All her toys just lying on the ground and I don't even want to touch them.  I just wish she were here, she should be in my lap rolling around batting at my face.  But she's gone forever.  This is far worse than any friend or family ever dying has ever hit me.  I've been depressed for the better part of the last 15 years, every year a little bit more increasingly so.  But this has shown me there were depths to this despair I had no idea could be experienced.  I thought I was empty before.  I had no idea.  Now I know true emptiness.  It's a good thing I'm not a gun owner, tonight would be the last for me otherwise.  She's really all I had.  Sure, there's family, but they're distant, they'll never know the real me because they're super religious and I'm not.  This loneliness is a new level for me.
This one random late night in March 2017, I decided to download the Tinder app (probably the worst decisions in my life) , but I'm genuinely a introvert person, so it's hard for me to make conversation on spot to get to know people. Most people hop on tinder to troll, some to get laid but I was on it to find "true love". Fast forward to two months of most girls wanting to just party or I was to boring to form a conversation, this one random day I got super liked by this girl named Laura. We both started to talk, we both had a lot of similarities between us and she was literally 2 miles away from my place. It had been 2 weeks, we both still haven't meet but our conversations started to get more personal, and I felt a real connection between us two. We both replied long, it used to take me a good 45mins to an hour to reply, it was just how it was. It was however odd for me that she was really beautiful, and I was a ugly mf. She came from a small town family, where as me, I was a city kid, from a wealthy family (although she didn't know that for along time).
Singled Out by Bella Depaulo, PhDI'm reading Singled Out by Bella Depaulo, PhD and would recommend it for anyone post-divorce.  It addresses many of the things I've questioned about marriage and puts then in some context.  I've questioned (on this sub even) why marriage is supposed to be such a great thing and the default position, even in a good marriage, and why singlehood is considered so bad.  I'm not sure if it's as pressing a stereotype for guys, but women certainly are not considered successful by society if single.  We are going to die alone and get eaten by our cats.  I was fortunately (or maybe unfortunately to some) raised by a single dad after my mom passed away when I was two (37 yrs later, he is still single).  I was raised to question any and all conventions that said girls should do/be this and boys should do/be this.  That mindset has really made me question the societal norm that being single is bad.  It feels in my head like I'm pulling off layers of pro-marriage/anti-single propaganda repeatedly laid across my brain like a blankets over the last 40 years.
Me, I feel trapped. I feel horrified. Coming to terms with the fact that I was essentially raped by "no one" since he remembers nothing is.... Devastating. I am sleeping next to my attacker, I love my attacker, and worst of all, I can't express what happened to me to anyone since I don't want to lose the relationship. But I'm failing at keeping it together. I have had at least three sucidal attempts since June. The cognitive dissonance of knowing the current Him would do anything for me and has worked his ass off for years self improving and supporting us while also knowing that he is the sole source of such a huge pain is literally making my mind feel like it's short circuiting. On the one hand, I am desperately in love with this person and the thought of losing him is devastating, and would put my whole way of life into jeopardy. On the other hand, I have absolutely no idea how to get over an assault and yet continue a healthy relationship with the attacker. Yelling at him seems cruel, I can't bear to hurt him when I know he doesn't even remember.
What goes on in my headMy father and mother divorced when I was very young.  My mother had actually cheated on my father which lead to the birth of my half sister.  Throughout fifteen years I have only seen my dad ten times.  My mother had men in and out her life but only one stayed.  He is an alcoholic and isn't the best person to look up to. Recently I have noticed that I really have no comprehension on what a man should be.  I am twenty three years old and feel really alone.  I work a high paying  job but the hours are long and I feel like I don't really benefit anything to the job.  I actually left a job I was extremely passionate about and had worked all my way to becoming a sales manager with that company.  I feel extremely anxious because I work for my girlfriend of three years father. I am scared about our relationship because she is still in college and I feel as though I am being left behind.  You know that scene in fox and the hound when the lady drops todd out in the forest and drives away? I know there is an image on here somewhere if you don't.  But that feeling of that scene is the same feeling I feel when I think about how far away she is slipping from me.  I have a problem with pushing myself to the edge all the time.  Telling myself things aren't good enough the way they are and I need to make them better.  I feel that I do that kind of thing because the way my father speaks to me.  I tell him I get promoted, moved out on my own, drive and expensive car and I get nothing out of him. I live 3000 miles away from my mother and I don't really have much family where I am now.  I have a couple friends but I don't connect with them as much as I used to.  My best friend is so far away to.  I love him a lot and I wish it could be like the old days when I would see him everyday. I think because I have worked in sales so long now and been in two sales management roles I have lost my personality along the way.  I really don't know who I am anymore.  Or who I should be.  How do I grow into an adult male if I had no male to model myself after?  I am extremely emotional and feel so alone and that nobody gets me or what goes on in my head.  I ve tried therapy but it didn't help.  I would just like someone to talk to and to possibly give me some advice on how to start enjoying life and find myself again so I can have a life out of work.
I have two younger sisters, 17F and 14F, and they feel the same way about the whole thing as I do. They notice the fights. They notice the behavior. Theyre sick of being mediators, as am I.  But even though a divorce seems like the most relieving option for everyone involved at this point, I dread that as well. How will finances work? I am financially dependent on my parents for tuition and boarding. Will divorce complicate this, causing more fights? Will my education be jeopardized? I will become a third parent to my sisters because my parents are acting and probably still will act like children. I’m more than happy to look out for my sisters, but I’m in college. I have jobs. I have stress. I have my own relationship struggles. Basically, as the oldest sibling, I kind of feel like I am the glue holding the family together right now, and it’s been like that for so long it’s starting to drive me insane. I love my parents, and I’m more sympathetic to my dads complaints because my mom often exhibits the same negative behaviors in my relationship with her, but I refuse to pick sides. I have to be the ears to lend for both my parents, their shoulders to cry on, and a role model for my sisters.
That is what i sent to my girlfriend about a week ago. It does pretty much sum it up. But still i feel as though I have downplayed it a little bit. I don’t know where i am going to put this. I think i am going to contact childline, so hello to you. I have put something on r/Depression before, but i am not sure if this relates to this. I still have all those previous issues. Just worse. And I actually know what this is now, and where I guess this might all be coming from. But i am still not sure. A subreddit about suicide might work i guess. But I read things people post on there. Even if our emotions are the same, this just doesn’t seem justified. I have a caring family, a girlfriend that i can talk to about anything and will completely understand, no job but if i need anything my family is here for me. They have a roof over my head and food in my mouth, and most things a 17 boy would want. From an outsider's perspective and even my own, i don’t really have anything to complain about. I have no job i guess, but i’m in college (16-19 ages of free education for anyone in the US) and have a stable ‘happy’ home life. I have only told 2 people about me being ‘suicidal’. I put it like that because i don’t want to die. But it seems a lot easier than living at least 65% of the time. I keep on saying to myself, this is it. Your going to do this. I don’t even think about when, but i have always known how. I live in the suburbs of a city. I am 10 minutes walk from a smallish town that leads way to a medium sized UK city. I live on the nice side. On this town and the city. Less than a 20 mins walk away houses go for over 1 mil. Mines less, more like 200,000+ but i have friends in those expensive ones. Anyway, i am mumbelling. The train stations near me go: City - Town - My local (mini). Past this mini, there is another city a few stations away. So regular 60-80 Mph trains on some parts of track. But there is also a turn off south to london. Now the 125s and the hamiltons i believe (still as fast) go past my local station then down there. They are doing at least 60-75 mph. Enough to kill me. I would simply walk out from a nearby foot crossing in front of a train. Easy. But then my mind goes too. I go to that foot crossing a lot. Linger on the rails to take some cool photos. I think about it a lot then, until i start taking the photos or riding my bike and that all goes away. The train driver. Their trauma. What i would take with me. My bike of course, me going out on my bike would not be out of the ordinary. Bag wouldn't be either, i take a lot of pictures with a DSLR, so if i wanted to leave notes i guess i could. But then what would i say. My death would be pointless. Well in my head it would end my ‘suffering’. It pisses me off, why do i think that way. I don't need to know what i want do with my life in the future. It also pisses me off that i could even consider the notion of killing myself. That creates a casam of self hate. I know none of this makes real scene in terms of it's order, but it's hard to try and categorise. The only other person i have told is a good mate. I have a few groups of really good friends. My closest group is mine from Secondary school. We share a lot individually but not a lot as a group. We all trust each other, but it's easier is smaller groups. A few weeks ago, i got some vodka. I got drunk, then we went to a park and as we were walking back i feel as though i had sobered up a fair amount. I was conscious of my internal pain. And i was thinking about killing myself. I was walking with one friend to the end of his road before i carried on to mine. I am out of this small town and the rest of my friends are in it so i have to walk 20 or so minutes further home. Just before he goes. I can’t remember how i brought it up or how i phrased it. But i told him i think about killing myself a lot. Every day. I said i wouldn’t do it (partial lie) but he asked if i was alright and i said yeah. Then i went home. That was that. I hadn’t even told my GF of 8 months at that point. I feel bad. To tell anyone. But for my gf, she has her own mental issues, i help a lot with them. Anxiety, OCD and a tad bit of depression. Her depression used to be a lot worse so she understands. But i still felt bad for loading her with it. I told her on a skype call. I am a fairly good actor (she's better) but i can easily act fine to my parent’s or just pass it off as something else. I haven't got the history my older brother has with this so they don't expect it. I had a slightly different pitch to usual. She picked up on it and i sent her that top paragraph. Followed by “Im so sorry. I love you. I would never”. I do love her, she is the only person keeping my remotely sain right now. I don't want to tell my family however. For a few reasons. The first one is why i don't want anyone to know. (My GF and i had a chat and this is what i decided to do) I don’t want people to feel bad. It hurts me then, I don't want people to worry either. I don't want things to change between my parents and i. They already cannot really joke to my younger sister (10) and my older brother (19). Let's start with my older brother. He would be good to talk to. But he has his own issues. Depression, Anxiety, going through gender transitions. (from female to male). This is gonna be hard on him and my folks. I don't know what's wrong with my little sister but something is. Very short temper, snaps easily, cannot take the blame and is very toxic. I don't want to add to my parents burden. My GF says they would rather know. But it pains me. I don't want them to worry. I have an idea where this all might stem from. I bury everything, anything negative, buried. Now if i did this consciously it would feel fixable. But i do it automatically. I find it really hard to feel anything anymore. Certain films and tv shows can get me but it's hard. I feel anything positive, but it takes a lot. And i can be bawling my eyes out, feeling all that stored emotion that is making me short tempered and mentally fucked… And then anywhere from 5 to 30 seconds later… Nothing. No emotion. Back to neutral with a side of suicide. How great. That is what really really pisses me off. Why can't i feel anything for real. It makes me not be bothered for anything, for life in general. And it all leads back to killing myself, the ‘easy way out’. I can see the newspaper and fb posts. Or the BBC documentary as they look through my gps and phone history and see a recording of myself or a letter to my loved ones. I can see how upset everyone is. That makes me feel something, the thought of my family and GF having to find out i jumped in front of a train. Splattering my guts and bones all along the tracks. That train driver going back to their family and crying as some poor fucker has to wash my blood of a train. Yeah… No thanks. It would seem as if it came out of nowhere to most. The ones that knew about my true mental state would be penalised for not doing more. It's not their fault. As i type this now. I want to. I want too so badly. But then for a moment. I don’t. When i actually think about it as a whole i don't. But in the moment. In life or death i really don't know. It really depends on how that day had gone. How much i had wanted to be where i was. How much i thought about killing myself. That train. It still looks tempting. It's inviting me in, it can’t stop in time. I think the worst and yet the best thing would be if i tried and failed. If for some reason i chose the local stopping service that only goes 72 and would be stopping less 500 ft down the track anyhow. I would get the help i need. But that i feel as though i don't deserve. But i would have to live with the fact i tried to take my own life. And if anything i would want to take it more. Sorry that non of this shit makes sense. I don't know what to do. Catcha around.
I overdosed today I just took 12 painkillers and plan to chug as much alcohol as I can. First off I’m sorry to have caused so much inconvenience and I’ve come to the conclusion that I should’ve never been born I simply was not meant to live and that reason and that reason alone is why I did this. I’m thankful that I was able to experience love both for my friends who I know will live beautiful fulfilling lives . To my sister I’m sorry I won’t get to see your wedding and be there for all your great moments I hope you know you’re the first person I’ve ever chosen to love thank you for growing up with me. For my partner who I never thought I’d ever find. Thank you for showing me that perfection exists and I know my soul whether it continues on or not will always continue to love you. I’m sorry that I never gave what could’ve been a beautiful future together a real chance and I only hope you can understand why. If other parallel universes exist I hope that there is one where we truly lived happily ever after. We’re the only fairy tale I could ever believe in. You’ll always be my soulmate baby. I love you what I’ll miss most about this world is how beautiful I think you truly are. My love, my life I sincerely apologize. You will be my final thought, our hands clasped together and peace felt when our lips meet. I’ll never leave you my beautiful soul. I am also sorry that I will never be able to help another life or experience having a child because I know I’d try to be the best mother I could and if you exist in another reality know that even this version of me loves you very much. And to my cat I’m sorry that I’ll never be able to pet you again I hope you understand how much I love you too. To my parents I’ve never had anything but love and admiration for you both and I’m deeply sorry for all the pain I have and will always cause. To life I’m sorry I failed you and I’m sorry I’ll never experience all the beautiful sorrow you had to offer.
53(F) husband has told me he wants no more sexual relationship after 25 years of marriageHello - first time here,  53-year old female, married 25 years.    I have one older teen at home and another young adult who has left the nest.   Husband and I do well and agree on so many things BUT have had ongoing issues over the years with him having low desire and me being more of what I would call medium (maybe interested 1X a week).   Over the last several years, we have gotten into a vicious cycle of him being depressed (He claims he isn't, but has gained over 100 pounds, doesn't do much outside of the house, always either grumpy OR with a bad temper),  low-T (he found out several years ago he had low T and took the shots - was a DIFFERENT person for several years, but he claims it did nothing for him so quit) but now is in a not-so-good state physically or mentally and there is nothing I can do.  WE were together ONCE in 2018 - ONCE.     He says he just isn't into it anymore and doesn't want that part of his life with me or anyone else - ever.    Says if I can accept living as 'best friends' and co-parents, he will stay in my life forever if I will let him. He is a great provider, great friend, great dad, and so much more, but I am a very physical person and he knows this - yet refuses me.   He gets angry if I mention counseling and I don't bring it up anymore.  It's killing me inside.   Is THIS enough of a reason to throw away a long-term relationship?  I keep thinking that I am 53 and maybe since I am older I will eventually lose some of my desire and interest as well and it won't matter. It's scary starting over at this age - and I wonder if I would be making a mistake by letting it all go just because of this one thing.   Anyone with words of wisdom or advice?
Raped at 12 and 13 years later still suicidal.The short story is that when I was 12 I was violently raped. I spent a lot of time in both hospital and then mental health clinics pretty much all my teenage life with small stages in between going to school and being a somewhat normal kid .My family were really supportive and being the youngest of 3 siblings I had a lot of love. However I've never been able to shake the feeling that I ruined their lives too when this whole thing happened. I've been living with this guilt that I turned my family's lives upside down forever. This didn't help when I turned to suicide as my only option at the age of 14. Between 14 and 21 I overdosed 6 times all failing evidently. I'm 25 now and objectively have a a good life. I'm Melbournian ( allegedly the most liveable city 7 years in a row - sorry for humble brag haha) I have a masters degree, I'm apparently attractive even though I feel l like a hideous monster. Middle class in a developed country. But I don't care about any of this stuff. I just want to die. Everyday I feel like the same 12 year old girl screaming and crying and feeling it's never going to end and I'm so much pain. It's like I can time travel and be in the exact moment, and I just can't bare the pain. What's more is that dating is absolute hell. Ive dated a bit. serious and non serious but anything that gets slightly serious they abandon me when the find out what happened. And don't get me wrong I get it's a big thing to deal with but these are guys that are like telling my they love me and stuff. I dunno I guess I shouldn't tell anyone. It's just hard when it's a part of your identity- I never got to be an adult or even an adolescent without this. I love my family too much to ruin their lives even more..but I feel I'm condemned to life as opposed to death. I really wish the man who did this to me just killed me when he had the chance.
I started dating someone immediately. I fell hard for this lady. She is wonderful and loving and (like me) damaged. When we met, she was trying to get away from her old lifestyle (partying, occasional drug use, lots of socializing, lots of guy friends, and, yes I know this is judgmental but, loser, bar-on-a-weekday-type friends). After a year together, I want to move in together, and she does too but she says she wants to go back to her old life " a little". A night of doing coke maybe once a month. Hanging out at the dock or going to all night-parties. She says she wants to be with me 99% of the time but needs to let loose sometimes and I am not into such partying so she needs to get it fulfilled with her old friends. My response so far has been extremely negative. I say of course you have the freedom to do whatever you like, but that's not what I am looking for, so at best this will be a decline in our relationship, and at worst I will not be able to tolerate it. So if you want that you can stay at your place and we can get together occasionally.
I know better(28M). I Poured my heart out to a woman I was really connecting with in a PM. I have a complicated and depressing relationship with a woman, but I just wanted attention that I haven't been getting in years. I haven't persued or even showed interest in another woman in almost 9 years. I made it clear I didn't want nudes or sexting from her and I wasn't about to send dick pics. I just wanted to talk. We connected right away. I told her things I've never told anyone. She shared with me some deep feelings and heartache (she is in a tough relationship herself). I became so attached to words on a screen. They we're so kind, gentle, and loving. Things I haven't experienced in a while. She wanted to see a picture of me. I told her I would if she sent me one also and she agreed. So, I worked up the nerve, took the 3rd ever selfie in my life, and posted the imgur link to the PM. Then I get her link. I open it.....and my fucking heart melts. She is gorgeous! I just had a feeling she would be. I tell her how gorgeous and attractive she is. Then I ask what she thinks of me and I told her to be honest. She says.....you look like a good guy. I know what that means. I may not be attractive but I'm not an idiot. The messages between us get fewer and fewer. She gets less interested in me. She stops asking questions. I keep being a moron and complimenting her. I just couldn't get over how pretty she was. She had been so kind to me but I could tell she was no longer interested. I'm so embarrassed and depressed right now. I just want to dig a hole a bury myself in it. I told her I was going to take a break from Reddit for a while and I thanked her for talking to me. I logged out and made this.....coward account. I fucking know better than to do this shit to myself.
Why can't I be her Stephanie?I met her my freshman year of high school. I was new to the area on account of my patents recent divorce. The only person in the school that I knew prier to moving and the divorce was my childhood friend, Lana, who moved to the area in her late elementary school years. I called her before school started to tell her about how nervous I was to not know anybody. I found out sometime later that she told all of her friends about me in a 'I feel really sorry for her' kind of way, basically begging them to befriend me. When I found out that Lana did that, I was pretty embarrassed and mad, but now I guess I sort of owe her a 'thank you.' Anyway, back on topic. I met her my freshman year in Spanish class. I sat at the table group beside hers. I made some-what friends with my table group, but that quickly ended. One day, when every single person at my group was a set except myself, this girl, Raven, asked me if I wanted to sit with her and her group, since they had one empty seat in their group of supposed-to-be four. I knew she was a friend of Lana's so I accepted her offer. It was the best and worst decision of my life. We quickly became friends, but it wasn't until the summer after Sophomore year that anything happened. I told her as a joke that I was going to live with her this summer. She replied, "Go ahead. My parents don't care." I didn't exactly move in, but I spent about 70% of my summer at her house, and when I wasn't there she was either at mine or on vacation. One of our mutual friends were having a birthday party. It was just the four of us: Lacey, Haley (The birthday girl), Raven, and myself. Haley was turning 16 and God knows how big of a deal it is for a girl, so we all decided to get extremely shit faced. Haley had a tiny little pool in her backyard, so after her mother went to sleep Lacey called her own 'mom' and got the alcohol. We began to night swim and get drunk. Us, being a sort of awkward, cliché group of girls, started to play Truth or Dare. Raven picking 'dare' that night was probably the best thing that happened to me. She was dated to kiss me. That's all it was and it started this hell of a roller-coaster ride. She kissed me in the pool infront of our two friends. It automatically sent chills through me. I started to lust for her affection right at that moment. I have never experienced such a sudden feeling of wanting. It was strange. We all continued to play, and I acted as if I was completely unaffected by the kiss. Later, we went back into Haley's room and continued playing after finishing off all the vodka we had purchased (which, I have to say, was a bit of a lot). We were all just having a fun time. I kept catching myself looking at Raven, wanting for her to kiss me again. We all just sat around goofing off until we tired. Haley, being the selfish little cunt she still is, took her bed. ALL OF IT. She didn't offer to share her full size bed at all. Lacey slept in Haley's giant chair. It was one of those really comfortable circle chairs. Raven and I slept on the floor with a few blankets as a mattress. Lacey and Haley fell asleep quickly leaving me and Raven to drunkenly ramble about what colors tasted like (we were so drunk). I looked over unable to hide it any longer and just kissed her. She instantly kissed back and we ended up having sex right there in the floor while our friends were sleeping. Classy right? Anyway, it was the sloppiest, drunkest sex ever. I loved every minute of it. I still remember it to this day. It fueled the fire to our "relationship." After that drunk encounter there were many more. All the while, Raven had a girlfriend by the way. Stephanie. She was so unworthy of her. It still pisses me off to this day how much she effects Raven. Anyway, there were several drunk encounters between Raven and I since the first. SEVERAL. We would get drunk, fool around, and the next day act like it never happened as to avoid any awkward situations. Until one day. One day after a drunken night with her, she texted me mentioning how we always act. That night, she confessed her feelings and I did the same. We were secretly a thing. Our relationship began. September 1st. That date still upsets me, as does the first of every month. Her (now ex) girlfriend didn't like us being together. One night at a school football game, Stephanie came up to me and pushed me from behind when I was walking with Raven. I turned around and immediately became defensive. She just stood there when I asked her, "What are you going to do, Stephanie?" so I just turned around and began to walk off. She tackled me from behind. I was completely off-guard. It was an unfair fight. We both got suspended. 5 days. But the thing I got that night that she didn't was Raven. I had her. It was great, I felt complete. I loved her. One night a few weeks after the fight, she left me. She still had feelings for Stephanie that apparently were re-awoken when we fought. My heart broke. I didn't have her. We stayed 'best friends.' She never got back together with Stephanie, but still wouldn't come back. I promised her the night she left me I would wait for her. I kept that promise. I would still take her back with no hesitation. Being her 'best friend' was more painful than the breakup. She would call me crying about how much she missed her precious Stephanie. I would sit and listen to her complain for hour on end about whoever she was interested in. It was so hard. It hurt so much to see her so upset about Stephanie not wanting her. Everything she felt about Stephanie or her other 'love' Ane', I feel about her. I long for her kiss, attention, body. We just graduated our senior year. I'm still in love with her. She still won't give me the time of day. My heart breaks everytime she complains about someone else. It's getting to hard to deal with.
I have read countless stories here about the grass not being greener, and how they usually come back. But even knowing all that I was always cynical about it happening. I took the situation that was in front of me and assumed that until I heard otherwise this is how things were going to be. I do NOT want her back, but part of me is angry because if this is indeed how I think it looks to be, then all of this is for NOTHING. The pain, the upheaval of our lives, it was all FOR NOTHING. That is the worst part. That our son is now a statistic, possibly for NOTHING. I'm shaking right now, the neighbors probably thought something happened as I yelled "ARE YOU F\*\*KING KIDDING ME!?" when I read the message. I am bracing myself now for the storm that might be at my doorstep. If she in fact is regretting this, then there is little time between now and the court date, and I see things getting interesting between now and then. Oh boy... this is NOT how I thought my day would end...
Fast forward to just tonight where i came off a really shit day and really just hated myself. She invited me to join her and a friend of mine in a game and, I just lost it... I, i really dont know what happened but i just ended up pushing her away and just saying that the day she ended up replacing me, please have it be one of the only people i considered an actual friend. The second i said that i really regretted it. Too little too late though, cause i could tell i crossed a line and no matter what kind of apologies I made it didn't make a difference since she probably hates me now anyway. Now im just, sitting here writing this on my phone while trying to keep myself from tossing myself off the deep end. Im sorry, for my stupid story and I'm really sorry for anyone who has to read this, i dont even think it's worth saying, I look at everyone else's problems and I feel like crap because I dont think what I have is an actual problem when compared to anyone else's worries in the world...
How can I cope with depression, loneliness, and an uncaring family?I normally don’t like discussing my personal life online, but in this case, I feel that I have no other option. For many years now, more than I would like to admit, I’ve been extremely depressed. Nothing gives me any joy, happiness, or contentment. To make matters worse, I have a very uncaring family, one that doesn’t seem interested in helping me, let alone actually accepting me. They call me selfish and ungrateful, like it’s my fault that I’m filled with misery, most of which I can’t escape. Alone and with no one to talk to, I stay up late into the night, occasionally until sunrise. They call me lazy and unproductive, even though I get very little sleep. In the last two weeks, maybe even three, I haven’t slept more than five hours, and that’s on a good night. No matter how many times I tell them, regardless of how hard I try, they don’t seem to understand that these are symptoms of my depression. In other words, they blame me, not the illness.
I'm a counsellor and I can't even afford the help I get paid to giveI'm 39, male, a single dad paying rent, bills, utilities, insurance,etc all on my own in one of the most expensive areas in my country. Rent costs more than one of my paychecks from a non-profit. We were recently told our Union had secured a raise for us, but that the agency can't even afford to pay us, so we might actually lose hours instead. I started a private practice to try to make ends meet, and the stress of that is freaking me out also, because of costs and the stress of finding and maintaining clients even just to pay the rental space. So as clients do well and then get closer to termination, and no new clients take their place, I get closer and closer to catastrophe. One day last week, I literally had no money. Credit card was maxed and I spent my last dollar. By the end of the day a client paid me for a session, and the next day I was paid at my regular job, but for most of that day I actually had no money anymore. My wheels on my car, which my mom gave me, which she got at a police auction, all went f***** last month, and I had to borrow money from my ex-wife to replace the wheels, and just paid her back. They also identified that my alignment is off, so I'm probably wearing those wheels out now, and I'm aware that I haven't had an oil change in a while, and that I was pretty sure last time one of my belts was about to go, and I'm at 315,000 km, so basically any moment now the car will go tits up and that will be just another disaster. I have no relationship with my family, the last relative I had who I felt could help me in terms of advice or a friendly ear died about a week ago, she was my grandpa's wife, and a psychologist. My grandpa is 91 and likely will die soon. I don't speak to my mother, she has a terrible husband that was fairly abusive when I was a kid and I don't maintain contact with them. I live in a town where I don't know anybody, because I followed my ex here when my life wasn't going well and I needed a change. So fairly isolated on top of the stress. I'm also working as a counselor despite not having finished my thesis work, and so I live with that stress all the time. I'm ADHD and have a huge problem with procrastination, I was able to get accredited as an MA equivalent but the accreditation I got is less useful than the regular one where I live. Meaning fewer insurance providers cover me, meaning harder to get clients. I think I'm actually good at my job, but lately I've been realizing that while working on helping other people with their stress, trauma, grief, and anxiety (mostly kids and young women), I have very little opportunity to work on my own (and I have all that stuff too). I also have looming student debt from my undergrad still hanging over my head at around $60,000, which I will have to start paying back soon.
Divorce - Vaccines - Medical Decision Making - ChildrenI am the father to three girls with my ex-wife.  My ex-wife was not an anti-vaxxer when we met, nor when we got engaged, nor when we were first married.  Everything changed when she saw the movie "Vaxxed" in the spring of 2015, after our third child was born.  My now ex-wife then and there became a militant anti-vaxxer from that point forward.  There were many other issues of course that led to the breakdown of our marriage.  However, the kicker, the thing that caused me to file for a divorce was her adamant and stubborn refusal to vaccinate our three children (ages 12, 10 and 4).  That issue and the constant back and forth over it and the ongoing medical issues for our children was the straw that broke the camel's back in our relationship.  After 4 marriage counselors and trying my best to hang in there and work things out, I eventually called it quits and sought out legal representation and filed for divorce in June 2017.
Invitation to complete an anonymous online research survey regarding mental health treatment preferences (repost)Hello, You are invited to complete a survey for a WMU psychology department research project designed to assess treatment preferences among adults seeking treatment for a variety of concerns. We hope to learn if and how preferences for treatment change over time, and if patient’s perception of their treatment’s match to their preferences is related to the benefit received from treatment. The survey is open to anyone ages 18 or older who is currently engaged in mental health treatment for at least one month and four therapy sessions, and not longer than one year. If you choose to participate, you will be asked to provide some demographic/background information, respond to survey items about your preferences for treatment and how they have changed over time, and about your quality of life. The survey may take between 30-40 minutes to complete. Your responses to the survey items will be anonymous and kept confidential. Clicking the “SURVEY” link below will take you to a page asking you to read through a consent form explaining the purpose of this research, the content of the survey, the type of questions you will be asked, the amount of time it may take to complete the survey, and the risks and benefits of your participation. At the end of the form you can click “AGREE” to consent to the use of the answers you provide and to begin completing the survey. Thank you for your time and interest.
Dermatophagia and what it’s done for meDermatophagia is a compulsion disorder which makes you gnaw and bite mostly on your fingers and Knuckles for me at least and many more people it makes you bite yourself till you start bleeding maybe further this can be conscious or unconscious. Growing up (I’m still growing up I’m only 16 but I am referencing “growing up” as more pre teen) I didn’t notice this too much I mostly just chipped of some skin from my finger tips and that was it people thought it was just me biting my nails at the time. Skip forward 5 years to now I can sit and gnaw my skin of till My hand is as red as my own blood. I don’t really have a lot of friends but If I did this would probably be something they hated me for, many times I have done this in class and just gone home after spilling blood all over my clothes. i don’t know how to help myself more than I am. I have tried multiple kinds of treatments, ointments, therapy etc but the thing that has helped me the most is just regular chewing gum.
An open letter to the STBX who found somebody newI watched you fall in love with her in slow motion. I watched from a distance created by a lover gone cold. I felt her slowly unravel your fingers from mine and wrap those same fingers around her own heart. I saw you holding it where you thought I wouldn’t see you cherish every heartbeat like it was your own. I tried to look away, but I couldn’t hide from such a brutal truth. Every breath she took also took one of yours away. Every glance your direction made it easier for you to forget to look at me. Her subtle touches fulfilled your needs while my skin grew cold. My heart bled out for you, but your back was already turned. I spoke your name, but you only had ears for her voice. My tears created an ocean while the sound of waves soothed you into a peaceful slumber. I searched my mind for a way back to you, but you only dreamt of her. I pleaded with the universe to turn back time. I craved to feel your love for me for just one moment more. I tried to recall the last time you looked into my eyes and found me, rather than a stranger holding you back. I held on dearly to our tender memories while I watched you fall in love with her in slow motion.
I need helpBefore you get to thinking I’m just some crazy person over the internet im still in highschool I’ve tried finding all the outlets I could from playing sports, learning guitar, focusing on academics, and even getting extra care from therapists counselors along with antidepressants but I feel like I can’t do it anymore. All the memories are too much and people are too bad for me to see the good in the world. I have vivid memories of being that little kid around the ages of 3 who was getting verbally abused by his parents and being outcasted by everyone around his age for being different. I never really had friends. I just remember always being by myself and it got so bad that sometimes I would just run outside and find some corner or crevice to hide in because I was so scared of the world and the kids were so fucking mean to me. Public school wasn’t any better. I only had one friend the entire time who later would just fade off like the others and everyone would just use me for personal gain while I would get nothing in return. From bullying me for my lunch/lunch money to pushing me in the restrooms to having me do their work for them I was just a little bitch and those memories are so traumatic and hurt to think about to this day. plus my life at home was full of seclusion trying to find a way out of all the fighting amongst the members of my family that at times did involve the choking and hitting of my siblings and even sometime me simply for just being annoying or talking when I shouldn’t of. I found my escape in technology and sports and really didn’t develop any relationships with any of my family. My brothers and sisters never even talk to me and my parents just ignore me once I get home now a days. I used to wait everyday when I was 7-11 just for one of my parents to come in and have a meaningful conversation with me but they would never talk to me. They would just make fun of the videos I would watch on YouTube and the games I would play, with my dad calling me a faggot and a loser throughout most of that stage of my life. He would tell me that sometimes he wishes that I was never born so that maybe our family could’ve been better. Around 8 I would pace around the halls late at night with tears in my eyes trying to build up the courage to go to the kitchen get one of the knifes and slit my wrists but I was too much of a pussy. I don’t know whether I regret not doing it to this day. I still have to live with the painful memories and I feel like no one can understand the life that I lead and all the pain I carry with me. Now that I’m in highschool I’ve built I large number of friends, I play varsity sports, I’m excelling academically but I feel like my mental health is slipping. My family is coming together but the memories are almost everyday. the simplest thing triggers everything to come back like a wave. I just feel so alone and I really just want any help I can get. a lot of stuff I don’t tell my closest friends about because I’m afraid of them getting sick of me. If anyone could reach out and just let me know I’m not alone that would be greatly appreciated.
Two weeks after that night, my husband asked for divorce. Funny, he wouldn't use the word though. He made me say it. He denied an affair and blamed me for our marriage ending. He said that since I had become a physician, I had changed. I had become a bitch, ruthless, unloving, uncaring, demanding, and cold. He said he didn't like who I had become and that I never helped him out at home and never supported him. Never mind my 80-100 hour work weeks when I would come home, cook, clean, put away laundry (to my ex's credit, he was great about doing laundry but not folding it), etc. My ex worked 25 hrs per week, at most, from home, and I felt he barely chipped in. And, he must have forgotten the time I rearranged our lives so he could go on tour with a band - his life long dream - on a last minute tour.  I do take full responsibility for the fights we had about my long hours as I chose this field. I take responsibility for taking out my frustrations of work on him. I am not innocent in the divorce either, but I wanted to work on it. He didn't. He never took any responsibility for his part in the divorce. Anyway, about 2 weeks after this, my friend and her husband split too. She also denied an affair. My ex husband and his ex wife are still together now, so you be the judge if there was an affair or just a coordinated attack plan.
Best friend is suicidal, but i feel numb to itHello all, kind of a long read so I apologize but i wanted to get this off my chest. My best friend has been suicidal since I remember but this last year has been especially bad. She attempted suicide once and i had to call the cops on her as well. Literally 90% of our conversations have been me trying to talk her out of it. Its even gotten to the point where i get annoyed when i see her name pop up on my phone. I feel awful that i think this way but its true. I feel exhausted trying to be her friend and therapist. Shes currently getting help and taking medication but it doenst seem to be working. I feel like i’ve done everything i can and am out of options to help her. I dont want her to die and love her so much, but it’s obvious at this point shes giving up little by little, idk what to do anymore, what to say. I cant even cry because i feel like all my tears for her have dried up this last year. Has anyone else been in this situation? How did you handle it? Or if anyone has suggestions for how to help her please, im all ears
I spend all my time alone. With my dog but, alone. We go on really REALLY long walks around town. Whenever we pass a liquor store I'll stop in for a tall boy, or a 40oz and I'll just stuff it in a brown paper bag and be on my way.  Ofcourse I'm smoking pot as well. If you were to see me I'm sure the word to come into your mind would be "BUM", which is sad, I used to be quite the lively and attractive fellow. I love hiking in the mountains. I usually spend Saturdays hiking with Wray (my dog) for 20 or so miles (I'm not exaggerating) getting lost, thinking, drinking, smoking. Some crazies are 'talkers'; they can't stop talking and talk and mutter to themselves. Others are 'cleaners' who clean constantly. Others are 'walkers'; you've probably seen them: dazed bum, walking slowly, no direction or destination in mind, just walking for the sake of walking, walking and walking and walking. That's the kind of crazy I am, although I don't look like a total complete bum and I'm not slow. I'm sure there are other types of crazies that I haven't mentioned. Sundays we just hang out in my room and watch netflix, play video games and jerk off. I believe in honesty. I drink and smoke pot for that too. Whenever I'm home, I'm shut away in my room, and I don't mind it, I love my room. It's safe and its mine, my own little world.
I just don't know what to do any more.  I'm not certain it's going to get better.  I'm scared it won't.  That the "peak" of my happiness was in a doomed relationship that I can't even be certain that my Ex ever truly loved me (there's many instances where...it'd be very easy to conclude she didn't, but I'm not here to bash her, that's unfair).  Two Wednesdays ago was the three year anniversary of the "end", that fateful counseling meeting that ended with her ending "it".  Over the last three weeks all of the terrible anxiety I had has come rushing back to me, like it happened yesterday.  Not sleeping well.  Not eating enough.  Having a hard time wanting to visit my friends.  Didn't go to baseball tonight because I couldn't.  Went back to my "Divorce PTSD" of smoking (it's mainly just something to do when I need a brain break). Not really sure what I'm looking for...I just...needed to tell...someone.  I don't tell my friends these things; not only won't they understand, I try to keep a happy-go-lucky facade.
Is it worth it still?My husband and I were shortly married now separated (I’m 19, he’s 20 for age maturation wise) we’ve had our ups and down mostly due to my depression causing problems. I was told over and over to not marry him because I was so young and he was too. Someone once told me he’d leave because of his age and the maturity 20 yr old men have & handling certain things in life. I was told it wouldn’t work, I was told it was the dumbest decision I could make in life. Yet here I am hurt more than ever because I choose him instead of what others & the world thought. He has now left me mentally drained. He owes me money from the belongings I left in “his” house, and he blocked me before he paid me and told me I would be getting papers for our divorce. Then went on to tell his whole family our issues and many more. I was then verbally abused, threatened to be beat, told I was not welcome, told my husband should have stayed with his ex gf instead of me his wife, and much more. So my questions is, after all of this mentally abusive things he has caused me do I even still love and wait for the man one day? The one I once married? It takes two to get married and two sides to make it as toxic as it is. Also I might add in that despite what I’ve caused in our marriage I still fought to keep it and get the help I need but he can’t even do couples counseling? Is this really a person worth fighting for? I’m stuck. Help!
Anyone else feel like they go through each day just waiting to go to bed?I'm not sure if that makes sense, but I feel like I wake up each day just to wait to go to sleep at night.  I'm almost 27 and I just quit my job that I was overqualified for a couple of months ago because my psychiatrist and I came to the conclusion that the nature of the job was not good for my PTSD or OCD.  Now I wake up everyday at around 3PM because I can't sleep at night until around 4AM no matter how much or what medications I can take.  I also feel tremendously guilty when I get down because I remember all the people in the world with disabilities who would do anything to be in my predicament because it pales in comparison.  I also feel like outside of my parents I have none to talk to, not even necessarily about my struggles but just about everyday stuff.  I have friends but they never seem to want to do anything.  Nothing is interesting to me either, so I am bored out of my mind despite having things such as video games, books, tv, and laptop at my disposal.  I just want something to live for, and for life not to be so lonely anymore..
Why bother tryingnothing but a actual burden to the people around me and I feel like a overwhelming burden ... I am who i am right? Well I am just a pain then. This is more of a venting than just posting for publicity or a opinion from someone..but for the longest time I never had any friends or bothered to really know people cause i was homeschooled. Until recently I only talked to one person and they are related to me so it didn't matter much as far as i was concerned, branched out a little and started to realize how needy and clingy I am for attention and wanting to spend time with someone to the point that I am just overwhelming in my own mind even though everyone else around me doesn't seem to see it that way but i sure do. I don't wanna change that either, cause i know it is a big part of how i show my love and affection but maybe there's a way to calm it down a little I know that someone will maybe appreciate me for how i act and who i am. I just feel like curling up in a ball and rolling around in circles attempting to pick up all my pieces that are clearly scattered all over the floor beneath me. Soo many thoughts and so much pain just whistling through and echoing in my ears. Sigh
I wanna get drunk as fuck and drive my car off a bridgeIdk how much longer i can do this. I know i prolly post on here too much but i feel like this is my only place i can rant with nobody knowing or prentending to care. I had a small window where shit wasn't so bad. It wasnt good by any means, but not awful. But it's a never ending cycle. And i always end up back here, drunk and sad. I can't justify going on much longer. I feel like im a burden to everyone i meet. I feel like everyone i talk to really hates me and talkes about be when im not there. I can't prove it but i feel like that's the case. I still live with my mom and work at buffalo fucking wild wings. Im a joke. And yet i always talk about killing myself but i dont know if i could. I just keep hoping for something or someone else to do it for me. But i can't even handle doing that by myself. I'm a shit human and i have no hope for a better tomorrow. Thanks for reading. Maybe tonight will be the night. Who knows. If im alive tomorrow I'll check in.
I can’t see myself right now, I don’t know where I am. I do know that I am in the safest place I’ve ever been in since I was in elementary school. It’s been so long, and I can’t help but be suspicious of my surroundings. I’m about to interview to be a part of a programming bootcamp. I have a boyfriend that loves me and wants to make the relationship run even when we are physically apart in the future. I have a friend who I actually trust and is helping get through this part of my life, and also I am starting to revitalize the relationship with my dad and little brother. I can’t help but feel as though things are going too well. It’s been a few months since something has shaken my foundation, my world. I don’t know what to make of it. I can’t see into the future and it makes me uneasy, I’m ready to jump off this large ledge the moment I see things coming but nothing had happened yet. If I can get two years of programming under my belt, there is a chance that maybe the fog of time will subside to reveal more land this ledge has in fact expanded from, maybe there will be grass and not more stone to climb. I don’t know what I will do if this bootcamp doesn’t pan out. I don’t see myself able to do anything else. I might just give up. Truely. I was pulled into this world by force by two people who clearly didn’t want kids as much as they thought they did. And they gave me such a crappy start to life, I can’t put into words the height and expanse of the hurdles they have set for me. How much clinging I’ve done. My fingers are bone and I’m so cold. I’m not sure what I’m fighting for anymore if I don’t manage to expand this ledge. I have to give this my 100%, it’s the last one I can manage.
I have not acted my age for several years. I hate that my life is that of a 40-something. I hate that I worry more about my 401k than I do wasting my money on awesome vacations all my Facebook friends are going on. I hate that their lives make me jealous. I hate that if I were to go on those vacations I would set my finances back an entire year or two. I hate that I can't do a cheap vacation because my wife is terrified of the world and has no sense of adventure. I hate that I want to start my own business but can't invest my money into it because I need for the next fucking car repair, or the next appliance that decides to break. I hate that this is the American dream. I hate that I have the worst timing of anyone I have ever met. I hate that I am a passionate person, because all too often I care way too much about shit a person my age shouldn't care about. I constantly worry about how I am going to pay for things. My wife wants to send our kids to private school because the public school system is shit. Now I have to figure out how to pay for that. Then I have to figure out how I am going to pay for their college. Then I have to figure out how I am going to help pay for their wedding, etc. I don't even have kids. If I'm lucky and work hard my salary wi go up 3%. Then I have to drop an additional 1% into my 401k (not at 10% yet).  And I am going to lose that additional 2% to inflation. So fuck me right? I the direction the USA is heading. Nobody gives a shit about the middle class. Every years it gets harder an harder. I agree with a lot of reform, but we all know the middle class has to pay for it. My taxes will go up. My public transportation pass will get more expensive. I will probably be worse off in five years than I am now.
She would also get mad at my oldest daughter. My oldest daughter loves youtube social media etc... and wanted to start her own channel and what not. I remember my wife being completely degrading to her at times, telling her "your not going to make it, there's hundreds of other channels that do the same thing you want to do" and shit like that to her. And now that I write this out it completely KILLS me that she would say this to my oldest daughter. Regardless of whether she would "make it" or not, now that I think about it she is repeating patterns of destructive criticism that her father would tell her when she was young. My oldest daughter doesn't need to here that and at times can be somewhat obsessed with social media, but the fact that my wife criticizes this part of her identity is not healthy. She needs to encourage her in her passions not discourage her. Anyway, sorry I don't mean to rant but I guess its all starting to become clear as I write this out because I had my own youtube channel for years and actually was profitable, so I would encourage my daughter while my wife would not... And that is why I think I have a stronger connection with my oldest daughter because we have a lot of similarities.
I'm going to survive thisI'm going to get through this divorce. I'm going to get used to the new way that my family will spend its time together. I'm going to get used to having the kids on my own and being able to parent the way I see fit. I'm going to learn to live on what I have left of my salary and I'm going to find joy in figuring out ways to get my boys the things they want on a tighter budget. I'm going to find happiness for myself. And eventually I'm going to find love again. I'm not going to wallow in sadness. I'm going to recognize that this is an opportunity for greater happiness. I'm not going to romanticize my marriage. I'm going to accept the fact that it failed for a reason and it was because we just weren't compatible for the long haul. I'm going to try and help other people who are going through this. Because helping others will help me feel better too. I'm going to practice gratitude and allow myself to be thankful for the things I have. I'm not going to beat myself up or think of myself as a failure. I'm going to get through this. And I think this community will be a big part of my ultimate recovery.
..You usually come home from work or wherever you claim to be at 630p or 7p.  Since our kids eat at 7p, when you think you're coming home closer to 7, you text and ask me to make their dinner for them.  Last night, you didn't text or call.  I waited to make food for the kids thinking you’d be home with food in hand or ready to make food according to your plans or because when I have made the meals for the kids, you either A)criticize that what I make is not healthy enough or B)don’t think what I make for them is up to your standards.  I realized this is exactly why I’ve stayed away from cooking and making meals for our kids.  Now, it was at 7:10P, no text in sight from, so I went ahead and made something quick and easy for the kids, trying to get them back on their routine and sleep schedule because if they weren’t you’d continue to make statements about my parenting style and me disrupting their routine for my own convenience.
This feels like the same kind of crisis every person with an inner dialogue has about everything in life, an unexplainable circumstance that can't be validated. The only way I can know that I'm smart enough is if I go out and become and electrical engineer and that's very stressful and even then will this go away? Will I always be living with the fear of not being good enough? I feel like I'm good enough for myself and I work towards goals I want and value but then the Navy tells me those things aren't what they value. I wish I had a message from an all seeing god to tell me that "YES YOU ARE A HARD WORKER AND YOU ARE SMART, YOU NEED HOLD YOUR GOALS IN THE HIGHEST REGARD" I have nothing though I'll have to just try as hard as I can. God I really don't want to fail I'm so scared of failing when I get out. I feel like my whole family is watching and they all think I'm extremely smart and that I'm the only one doubting myself or that knows the truth that I'm just a colossal idiot and the Navy knows the truth. Maybe I'm that book smart person people talk about and that would be some shit. I hate that I don't like that book smart mindset, smart people should just be smart and this is too fucking long to read and I have to study and I don't know what response I want from this.
Work on it or divorce?Me and my husband have been together for 10 years married only for a few months. We were teenagers when we started dating. I should have left him numerous times in our relationship, friends begged me not to marry him. I felt as though I was destined to be with him even if it made me miserable. Multiple things in our past lined up to make it seem we were meant to be even though I knew he wasn’t the one for me. I felt trapped, pressured, and too scared to leave him. He’s extremely emotionally abusive. The things he’s said to me I’ll never forget. No one has ever made me cry as much as he has or called me such awful names. For the majority of the relationship he was very controlling. I wouldn’t be able to see friends unless he was at work because he wants me around all the time. He would loose his temper and yell at me over the smallest things. He snapped at me and expect me not to get upset. Any concerns I have turned into a fight and everything being my fault. He never helped with any housework or cooking. I felt/feel as I’m the maid.
I’ve had a few more conversations since with women where some raised huge red-flags, and then I saw this one girl.   Her profile was written like it was custom tailored for me.  We started messaging.  She picked up on my sense of humor, sarcasm, and rolled with my jokes seamlessly.  I was smiling.  A lot.  Nothing on her profile mentioned kids or anything though, so I was worried when I was gonna have to drop the whole “I’m going through a divorce and have a 3 year old daughter” bomb.  Well we went out for coffee tonight.  She’s cuter in person than in photos.  We got to talking and despite my best efforts to avoid the topic, she asked me a direct question that I couldn’t answer without indirectly referencing my ex.  So I came out and said upfront that I was married and have a kid.  She actually looked a little worried, which made me freak out a bit, but then said “Oh man.  I was trying to tell myself I wouldn’t bring this up until the 3rd date because I feel like it’s too much baggage, but I was married before too.  And I have a 3 year old daughter.  He left me for another woman a little over a year ago.  He still goes to our church.  And I’m finally trying dating again.  You’re my first date.”
Prague is a wonderful city.Prague is a wonderful city. I say so because I saw a girl who was perfect at least from my point of view. She was sitting with two older women (family members I guess, but I wasn't sure because I only had eyes for her) and we looked at each other several times. I have to explain myself, we were eating italian food in a terrace I was with my family, two sisters, my brother and my dad and she was like 5 meters away from where I was sitting. The thing is that I am shy and I was too afraid of scaring her away that I could hold her gaze for longer than a second because I have always been so shy even if I am now a decent looking person I still have some trust issues. When she was about to leave I heard her voice saying something like she was not sure if a boy was looking at her, it was like bittersweet. If I had had enough confidence I would have said something to stop her, but now I'm left with the pain and regret of not saying anything to her. She had blonde hair and these beautiful blue eyes, or at least from my view because I was not close enough to see her eyes in depth. She was speaking Spanish with Argentinian accent, and I am Spanish (sorry for my bad English) and just wanted to get to know her, this is why I posted this kind of message in other websites. I think it is not going to work because it is kind of impossible but if anyone know a blonde girl whit blue eyes from Argentina(/Spain) between 16 and 20 years old who was in Prague at least the 6th of August in 2017, please contact me and if any of you guysenjoyed this post comment your stories pls.
Sad and a little longA little background about myself. I was adopted from Bogata Colombia. I never truly felt liked I belonged anywhere and I still think this. I'm extremely shy, just a hardcore introvert/ outsider. I felt as if I never had a home. A lone wolf if you will. For as long as I could remember I had a sinking feeling of eternal loneliness. I have never been diagnosed with anything because I never told anyone about the way I feel. I feel complete numb or beyond sad, never happy. It changed one summer. My family and I would go down to a beach in North Carolina every summer for a few weeks. It was a little paradise for us. Some "friends" I grew up with would also come down with us. They didn't really like me and felt as if they had to drag me along so their parents wouldn't get mad at them for leaving me all alone. I liked being alone anyway. One night they told me that they wanted to go to the outdoor swimming pool. So I went with them. There was barely anyone there but this girl who looked like she was 18. My friends and I were sophomores but that didn’t stop them from hitting on her. It wasn’t simple flirting it was more aggressive. They pushed her, they said things like “nice ass” and “baby I’ll keep you company tonight”. They even tried to cup a feel. She wasn’t having any of it. It makes me mad seeing them treat her like that.( I am a gentleman, humble and respectful to women. Not like those guys r/niceguys) They eventually left. She seemed really upset and just mad. I don’t know what gave me the courage to do this but I went to her and apologized for my friend's behavior. She gave me a genuine smile and said it’s okay. I wished her a goodnight and she wished me one too.
Fast forward two years, so it’s 2013. This date is an estimation because I have blocked out many memories during the next two and half to three years (leading up to late 2015), this is when things get very painful for me and I hope that I don’t bring any memories up for anyone who has struggled with this before. If I do, I sincerely apologize. My Mom started drinking and quickly became addicted to alcohol. She has struggled with the addiction of painkillers for many years, so the alcohol became a vice she quickly picked up after trying it. Before I go into it anymore, I want to state that my Mom is a very loving individual and has had to deal with a lot of crap in her life, so much so it’s hard to get upset when she lets loose. I don’t want to go into her history without her permission, all that I will state is that it has to do with rape and some bad parenting. Back to what I saying before… I blocked out many memories of this time and when I try to think back on them I often times start to cry, so I quickly shut them out to avoid feeling hurt. What I do remember still carves into my heart and soul to this very day. I remember once when I was playing a game and I got a very worrying text from my Mom that simply said “Help me”. I showed my older brother (who I will refer to from now on as Joe) and we both rushed to where my Mom was… and we saw that our Mom had cut her wrists. It was later found out that it wasn’t a suicide attempt, just one calling for attention. The tops of her arms/wrists were sliced. I am fairly queezy of blood, so Joe wrapped up my mother's arms and was furious, where as I was devastated. I had been denying the fact that my Mom was an alcoholic and tried to lie to myself that this situation wasn’t as bad as it seemed. It was when I saw my Mom’s arms covered in blood that the realization hit me of how grim everything was. My Mom never self harmed herself after that point, it was one of the few promises that she kept during this solemn time, but her sporadic and abusive behavior continued. Joe, my younger brother, and my Dad shut her out and chose to ignore her and the situation, only getting involved when she would start yelling or throwing things. I was the only one who gave her attention on a day to day basis, which meant (typically) I was the only one she spewed vile and hatred at when she was drunk (which was almost every day of the month). I stood there and was her verbal punching bag for many years. She said so many things that I still have trouble processing… it made me hate who I am and how I was born. As I said she had to deal with rape, so she often times said that all men are terrible, rapists, evil, etc. So being that I am a man I have a very hard time thinking of myself as anything less than worthless scum that plagues the earth with my natural aggression and terrible moral choices. I feel that me being born a man has caused my Mom pain. A constant reminder of the gender that has hurt her in the past.
Later i joined for university, Where i started to smoke up and did drugs , alcohol. I dint do it because of peer pressure. I did by myself and i wasn't an addict also. I could control it but still i'm a faggot. My parents were so worried about me. I've lost myself in studying there. All my friends have graduated but i remained there for 6 more months because i couldn't finish the course. I've literally broken myself from the inside. I dint have any girlfriend since childhood( I'm a not a virgin). I always used to let others have a take on me. Sometimes i feel like dying but looking at my parents and my sister , I refuse to die because they wouldn't want that , my parents have worked so so so so so hard to be in very respectable positions as they are today ,they came from nothing to the top , for first they don't deserve a faggot like and second they will be very traumatized by this if it comes out to be true (which is what also they don't deserve), although if i die i wont be aware of their trauma , i cannot do that to them.
First, I want to express appreciation to this little forum, this little band of brothers and sisters, this battered group of survivors. I never really thought you would bring so much peace in my life, but you do. I attend a rehab group of sorts, and you'd think we'd all polarize over our issues and sweep down the drain together. I enter the room each week thinking we won't make it another week, looking all disheveled and forlorn. Couldn't be further from the truth. For some reason, we pull each other up. All in the hole, we help each other climb, seeking help from someone a little higher up, or showing someone the footholds just below us. It is beautiful. A man at this meeting once told me, "Thomas, you are going to see people ahead of you, people behind you, and all of you will help each other along the way." I feel that with this group. And I love the lot of you. This is my favorite and most cherished group of internet strangers I've ever come across. Period.
For most people, depression is treatable, but there is no instant fix or single miracle cure. Be your own advocate in your treatment and follow any path that you think may help bring you relief. I realize it's hard to fight to reclaim your life against a disease controlling your mind and saying you'd be better off dead, but this is why those who battle depression are the strongest people you'll ever meet. We don't have people bringing us casseroles, sending us get well cards, co-workers offering to fill in extra hours, people posting facebook messages about how they are praying for us, no one calling to check in on us, or often don't even have the luxury of publicly naming our disease without fear of backlash and shaming and judgment.  But we do it- we continue to live each day running on empty, bound and chained down by what Professor Robert Sapolsky calls, "the worst disease you can get" and what renowned psychiatrist Peter Kramer believes is the "most devastating disease known to mankind." And those who don't make it through another day, they didn't give up- they simply lost the battle to a powerful enemy.
I don't not love my husband, i just feel love for others as well. Ideally I'd have multiple relationships at once. In the past, i'd be dating someone and then develop feelings for someone else. Even though i still was madly in love with the person i was currently dating, i thought that because i developed feelings for a new person, that it meant i had to break up. But then I'd break up and regret it because i really did still love my ex. I thought, "gee I wish I could have both, but that's selfish to want to have your cake and eat it too." It wasn't until 3 years ago that I learned what polyamory meant, and it felt like it made so much sense to me, considering my history. But I kept trying to write off my feelings as adhd, anhedonia, or fear of commitment. In some ways I still am; I don't want it to be true for fear of the incompatibility and stress it brings to our relationship. I wish it were something I could "fix" with therapy and a pill, like mild depression.
Please help me. This is extremely important.I'm an Indian student living in Australia with extreme depression. I did my bachelor's in Medical from India cause my parents wanted me to do it. Now, I'm doing Master's in Health Management cause it sort of gives me a chance to get permanent residency here. I know it seems very shitty but let me explain everything from start, so please read the following and save me. I have few things to make you understand me better. I don't like people, can't stand them. I don't like going to city. I hate crowd. I can't make eye contact. I don't have any feelings left except for sadness and sorrow. I have approximately paid $22000AUD to come and study here. I knew the circumstances and people I would face and I thought I could do it but I can't. I didn't want to live in India among fucked up minds. I know it seems bullshit but you don't know what it was like to survive there. I don't think I would take so much space if I don't go back but I know every other Indian also think about it too. They want to stay here forever but believe me I'm not like them and yes I know I'm not special. I don't want to live in society and be a part of it, I just need nature and peace. I just want to follow my passion of writing and leave everything. I don't want to put anybody in bad light especially Indians for a residency thing. I'm a fucked up person and I couldn't care about anything else even if I wanted to. Sometimes, I think about disappearing and not coming out for several years. If I do this, my parents would have nobody as I'm their only child and that's the thing, that I don't have any feelings left for them and I know this is extremely fucked up thing. That's why I think about committing suicide but I don't even have courage to do it cause there are so many things I need to do before I die but this damn depression is fucking me everywhere. I don't want or need anything. Please free me from all these fucking liabilities, from all these obligations, just let me live. I don't want to talk to psychiatrists, I know what they'll say. I can't live like this, don't know what love is or if it's real or can it save someone. I think of it as an illusion and only this melancholy is real. Now, I know how the people go crazy and lose their sanity. I can't fathom all of my thoughts into this post and you can't understand what I'm trying to say as this medium of interaction is still somewhat limited. But, please, still try to understand what I'm saying. I won't be able to live this way for long. The conclusion is: I can't study this course, it's so uninteresting and the amount to do it, is so high. If I pay back $22000 to my parents, they would still think of me as a disappointment as I couldn't complete my study after I always wanted to go abroad to study. I'm in total depression, you don't how it feels to just die every second. I can't explain what this is. I just need someone to sit with me and understand me and give me the answer whether right or wrong and kill me. This Earth is a fucking cold dead place that only gives you reasons to die. There are still so many things that need to be said but if I  write them, it'd make no sense. I don't want to go back and I don't want to be a part of society here. I just need a fucking hippie life without a care in the world, smoke weed, write something, make something and die.
Husband hasn't worked for two years, I can't take it anymoreTomorrow will be the two year anniversary of my husband getting laid off. He has not worked a day since then. He's now 50, I'm 49. We have two teenage kids, the older of whom will be starting college in the fall. I have always worked full time, and for the first ten years of our marriage made more than he did. I had 12 weeks of maternity leave for each of our kids, when I went back to work, my parents used to drive the babies to my job so I could nurse them in the parking lot on my lunch break. Four years ago I took a management position that I knew I would not be very happy at because it paid more, but I don't make enough to support a family of four with our current expenses, which aren't extravagant. We have a mortgage and two car payments, but no other debt. When he was at his last job, we were doing pretty well and saving money, so now he thinks it's ok that we're dipping into those savings to the tune of over a thousand bucks a month to pay our bills. Nevermind that we need a new furnace and air conditioner. Everything is fine! We still have money! He'll talk to me in this condescending voice like I'm a stupid child who's getting upset over nothing, or he'll get angry and stop talking to me, or take it out on the kids. When I told him about 6 months ago that I was feeling a lot of anger and resentment towards him, he laughed and said "You know you love me". Uhh . . . Tonight, I overheard him talking to his brother saying he got a call back for a job, but he wasn't going to interview because it only pays 45K. He was making 75K at his last job, but honestly he lucked into that. He doesn't have a degree of any type, he's been taking some online classes, but the demand for 50 year old IT guys with a two year gap in their employment history isn't that high. When I told him that this job pays 45K more than he's making now, he said he doesn't want to get "trapped".
My boyfriend is suicidal and I don't know what to do.My boyfriend has been dealing with anxiety and depression for the last few months, it began with him scraping his arm and it has now escalated to him wanting to cut and kill himself. I've been off of work for 15 days and Ill be going back in 4 days and I'm terrified to leave him home alone. He quit his job (we used to work together) because they were abusing him and causing him so much mental distress so I'm the only one working ATM and I of course need to be making money to pay bills. My dilemma is that we've gone to the hospital and he's now in with crisis (mental health center) but his appointment is only after I start work, and he's told me to please never leave him alone because he knows if he is alone is going to end it. So please if you've been in a similar situation I'd love to hear what you did. I live in Ontario and I know that EI is a thing but I've been told not to go on it because it's a huge hassle. So I'm really not sure what to do.
I feel trapped in a sexless, platonic marriage.I'm 31 \[male\]. Wife is 27. We've been married for 7 years, but I was separated from her for the first 2 because of the military so we've only been together for 5.  We've been to counselling on and off since the first year we started living together (3rd year.) We never had the blissful honeymoon stage of marriage went seemed to jump straight into fight. Mostly, she has been unhappy with me for stupid stuff like putting the wrong plastics in the recycling bin or giving her water without ice when she only asked for water. I blamed myself for years and kept trying to improve and I did get better but it never seemed to be good enough. She let herself go (200lbs)Finally, I told her I wasn't happy and that it wasn't working. We weren't having sex at that point (her choice) but out of no where she wanted sex again. Well, she got pregnant. I honestly hoped the baby could save our marriage, but after the child was born she became more toxic than ever.  During this time I confided in a female coworker and we started having lunch together. We both developed feelings for each and had to end the friendship because we both strongly believe that cheating is wrong. But there was a moment when she put her hand on mine and I got those butterflies in my chest. It felt so amazing to be wanted by someone so kind and who made me laugh. And then I would go home and get yelled at for leaving a wet towel on the floor after showering.
Trying to ask an acquaintance to literally just lay in bed with meHi there I really don’t know if this is the most appropriate sub to post this in but I’ll dive into it. So I’ve had depression for quite some time now but just within the past year it’s gotten pretty bad. Specifically I’ve been dealing with feeling disconnected from others and really just been yearning for physical touch. Sometimes it’s sexually but mostly I just want to be held and close with someone. More like to be comfortable and content, both things of which I haven’t been lately. But this sort of “skin hunger” (it’s a real thing, I didn’t know it was actually called that for a long time) has gotten so bad that I want to ask one of my male friends/acquaintance, more so acquaintance I would say, to just hold me and lay in my bed with me. I don’t intend it to be a sexual encounter but I just want that presence. I have absolutely no idea how I would go about asking someone this sort of thing. I don’t know how to word it or how to make it come off as not a sexual thing but not super weird either. I feel like I could be entering some really confusing territory here. I know communication is obviously key but I guess what I’m asking is how do I open up the discussion in general? Don’t know if this is making any sense but any advice would help. Thanks so much
I left my abuser and now my children and I are about to be homelessleft my abusive husband after he hurt my five year old and was finally able to get a military protective order after he almost broke my arm while I was nursing our baby. The Navy Marine Relief Corp society paid our tickets to come to Hawaii big island where my mom lives in a studio to get away from him. I have been living with my 3 children ages 5, 2, and 3 months old at the domestic violence shelter here on the island since the 23 of March. They gave us 30 days. In that time I have applied for SNAP and TANF and will be getting benefits on the 10. I am also pursuing child support but that can take 90 days. As if April 24 my children and I will be living on the street. There is a homeless outreach here called Hope Services but there is a wait list and the homeless shelter is full currently. I called crying and begging them but was told that they have families living in their cars and that I just have to wait.
What did I do to deserve this?I know that I did a lot of stupid and awful things when I was married. I got too frustrated, I cried too much, I had a lot of anxiety with my babies. But never once did I stop loving my husband. I stayed home with our kids. I always thanked him for providing, taking us places and made the kids do the same. I tried to initiate intimacy, said he was handsome, smart and funny. Bought things for him. And after nine years he left. He blamed me 100%. He now lives in a bachelor suite in the basement of a rooming house in a bad area (drugs, prostitutes,etc) of a nearby large city. He spends four hours or less a week with our kids. I’m trying to find a job but my kids 5,7 have been constantly sick. They’re behaviour is heartbreaking. My youngest drew a picture about how sad his heart is, our cat has now sprayed the whole house. When my husband left he left all family pictures, wedding stuff, boxes upon boxes of stuff. I have to organize. Despite the crappy place he’s living it’s close to a large lake, with jogging trails, parks and great places to meet people. I feel sad that living in a rooming house is better than living with your wife. Nothing in my end is going right. I can’t even think about going on a date because I have our kids 98% of the time. Everyone says give it time but the sky keeps falling on my head. He can come and go as he pleases and I can’t even cry by myself because the kids get upset. Having a bad day.
I’m not a divorcing parent but I’m a child in the equation. My mother, my sister, and I need help desperately.Today my dad woke my sister and I up by saying we may hear fighting downstairs because he was about to “talk about some major business” with my mom. 30 minutes or so later we all came together and my dad said he decided, unilaterally, that he was divorcing my mom. In the ensuing conversation it came out that my dad had an affair when I was three years old or so (I am 18 now and heading to college in August). He hired the most aggressive divorce lawyer in town months ago without telling my mom. Didn’t tell her a single thing about it until this morning. Complete blindside. To make things worse my dad is the sole financial provider for this family and has built up a lifestyle for us that is completely unsustainable without him. My mom makes $20/hr and only ever took a job out of interest in the field. She has no college degree. My dad is the complete opposite: two degrees from two good schools and owns his own business that is very much on the upswing. I worry greatly over my mom’s mental health because of this. She has intimated to me in the past that she and her family have had issues with depression and after my dad (literally) walked out the door to leave us for somewhere else, my mom has done nothing but beat herself up. She blames herself almost entirely and has been calling herself “useless” among other extremely negative things. And so with this whole situation life as my family knows it hangs in the balance.
    Fast forward a year later. Same month. March. After one year of trying to swallow the numbness I felt towards him, playing the role of forgiving wife. Believing everything he promised me, more time for us, no social media, even agreed to a family tracker on the phone. Things were ok. Inside me they weren’t, but I never showed it. I really did try. But I guess no matter what I did, it didn’t matter because he got caught again. This time the women contacted me. Telling me how he has been with her for 3 years. 3 years. She claims that he would tell her he hated me, never touches me and is only in the living with me for the children. That he would leave me when the time is right. Over the course of 3 years she also claimed that he borrowed over 40,000 dollars to pay for bills, vacations, etc.  When I approached him about it he broke down and told me that it was true and it was all for the money. It was easy money for him. That he loved only me and and he wanted only me , she was nothing to him. The man I married had succumb to being some sort of male prostitute. He continued to tell me that he was glad I knew and that it was off of his chest and we can move on.  The man had also apparently become delusional.
I do know you tried your best and accepted me when I came out to you as bi earlier this week. I know you told me "nothing is gonna change, ever! You're a good man, I don't care who you sleep with". You put a very awkward face when you started to ask me about my "male crushes" and all I could say was "Mark Wahlberg"... But I liked it. You made me smile for the very first time in months that moment. I do know you had good intentions when you told me today you wanted to introduce me to one of your male friends so I could "who knows?". I know I was 12 years older than you, I know all the "You're so old that..." jokes were in good nature (for real! Every laugh was from the heart), and despite you were barely 18, you were one of the most mature and down to earth men I've ever knew in my whole and disgraceful life. I will always love you for being the kind of friend you were. You were like my real other half. You were not only my best friend, but also the little brother I always wanted to have when I was a small kid. Please don't let the guys in college know the truth about my true sexuality... It was already extremely shameful to talk about that; but, I felt I had to tell you the truth before leaving this nightmare. I felt like inside a maze every single day. I had to wake up everyday feeling like I wasn't capable of deserving love, companionship, or even friends. ...and it was true. Deep down. Despite I had a partner (yep, a partner I never wanted to introduce you to), he just used to gave me the could shoulder (sometimes for a whole week) everytime he was so proud of himself to accept my apologizes if I did a mistake. Those kind of things also used to hurt me very, very deeply.
I'm the kind of guyI'm the kind of guy who's 27 and still lives with mommy and daddy, the kind of guy who's only had two girlfriends his whole life, the kind of guy who self medicates his anxiety and depression with heroin, I'm the kind of guy who contemplates suicide constantly, I'm the kind of guy who pushed away what few friends he had, I'm the kind of guy who's father wont even look at, I'm the kind of guy who lets you down, the kind of guy who disappoints, fails, and contributes nothing positive or worthwhile to the world, I'm the kind of guy who can't get out bed in the morning, I'm the kind of guy who never sleeps at night, I'm the kind of guy who knows that the longer he sticks around the more sad, lonely, pathetic, and desperate his life will become, I'm the kind of guy who should kill himself, I'm the kind of guy that the world would truly be better off without, I'm the kind of guy who would save himself and his family a lot of trouble if he would just do it already, I'm the kind of guy who has no hope, no dreams, no motivation, no goals, no ambition, I'm the kind of guy who is already dead.
The days are getting longer. That's not a bad thing entirely, I still have a lot to do, and I'm on bided time. Only problem is longer days just mean more chance for thought, and thought is the last thing I want. I've been watching my life deteriorate over the past couple weeks of my worst depressive happening ever. By my own hand, of course. I have great support, amazing friends and all the opportunity in the world. But I don't want it. I don't fucking want any of it. I've done things I'm not sure I can forgive myself. I've hurt, I've manipulated for my own selfish gain, and I've changed as a person entirely. I haven't chosen to actively off myself. I've chosen to do it slowly, and painfully. Not necessarily physical pain, though there is enough of that as well. Just watching everything I've built over the past several years fall apart, and drift into a figurative coma of self-loathing and hate. Quit my job, gave up the reptile collection I've built and cherished so much over the years, they don't deserve to suffer just because of me. Selling everything I own, losing friends left and right. I'm watching it all fade away in front of me.
I have a neighbor who’s been a very close family friend for many MANY years now, and has been someone I look up to and treat as though he is family; like another Grandparent. Him and his wife are amazing people, and I love them both to an insane amount, but recently.. I’ve been avoiding any contact with them. Him more importantly. Over the years as I’ve grown.. “older” and more.. matured, he’s become rather... touchy. Which, at first seemed fine, but now.. It scares me. I love him, he is like Family to me, and I hate myself for trying to limit my encounters with him, but I get so scared whenever I see him if I’m alone. For example, he would hug me too long, too close, or too tight.. And rest his hands on my hips, and I just.. It scares me. What makes it worse is today, only minutes before I began writing this, I saw him driving down the road to which he waved me over to let me know that he’s been diagnosed with cancer. I, because he’s like family (as I’ve stated many times), started crying and went over to hug him. He kept saying how beautiful I’ve become, and how he’s always loved me, and he, again, rested his hands on my hips, and when I would hug him, he.. he was like, rubbing the outer sides of my chest and I just froze. I.. I don’t know what to do. He’s like family, and I don’t want to be scared of him, but I don’t know what to do anymore. I want to brush it off like every other time, but I can’t.. I can’t bring myself to hate him, or blame him, and I almost feel disgusted with myself because of it. Please, I need another’s opinion on what I have to do.
Several months later, I met this amazing woman. She has all the qualities I could ever dream of: beautiful, smart, kind, patient, understanding, laid back, you name it: she has it. We had an amazing connection, much more in tune personality-wise than I had ever been with my ex-wife in the 15 years we spent together. We have a ton of shared interests, very similar outlooks on life. We hit it off right away and had a lot of fun. She fell for me and started seeing a future together. I wanted that too, but after the initial euphoria wore off I realized that, as great as she was, I was not attracted to her at all. I had not even begun to develop the feelings she already had for me, and I didn't see myself ever developing those feelings. The "chemistry" just wasn't there for me. I felt bad and ashamed for not reciprocating her feelings. I told myself I was an idiot for not appreciating what I have, and that I just had to try harder, open my heart up more, realize how amazing she is and how this could be my best chance to have a beautiful, fulfilling life with someone who truly appreciated me. But still, no feelings came, and I felt trapped. I didn't want to break her heart and leave her, but at the same time I didn't want to accept that this is what my life will amount to: a loveless relationship, possibly marriage.
The lady told my sister that she was there with her biological brother (me). We don't act like siblings, we never mentioned we were siblings while there and we definitely  weren't talking about my current marriage situation. Anyways this lady proceeds to tell my sister that her brother, who is inside, is going through one of the toughest times of his life right now and that he still is having second thoughts. She says that he is doing the right thing by going through with it and that he needs some support. WOAH!! WTH? how does this lady know this stuff? Then she starts talking about our family and the lineage of strong willed women in our family. (both my aunts were very successful in their careers, one being a VP of a major department store.) My sister doesn't have kids but I have two. She brought up that there's a little girl shes related too that is very strong willed and snappy. The epitome of the women in my family which is exactly how my 7yr old daughter is. She went on to say that because I'm going through this difficult time its ultimately going to help this little girl out. She never mention names or anything like that.
Range of emotionsSo I have been having a lot of trouble the past few days. I'm going throw a range of emotions through out the day. I wake up after only a few hours of sleep cause I'm thinking about her. Sometimes I can go back to sleep with in 30 min and last nite it was about 4 hrs so I'm pretty much running on empty today. I have to force myself to eat. This morning I woke up after about maybe 2 hrs of sleep all night and felt relaxed good no anxiety nothing felt fine. Got to the office got my truck headed to my first job of the day and all of a sudden I was angry by the time I got to my second job I was sad. Almost to the point of not being able to think clearly. By the time left there I had anxiety to the point that I caught my self going way to fast down the highway. By the time I got home I was relaxed again. I bought some sleeping pills for tonight. I guess I'm asking how did you guys deal with the impending divorce. How did you deal with your everyday life going through this. What kind of emotions would you feel throughout the day.
Stressing over the futureToday I found out my best friend got into college! I am so excited and happy for her but for some reason her acceptance dropped a huge weight on me. I have not always been the best student and I struggle financially so getting my college applications in was hard for me but I managed to do it! Although still nervous and awaiting an acceptance or decline I had always thought that if I didn’t get in I would go to community college and my best friend was in this boat with me (as she was nervous as well). Now that she has heard back I am in this boat alone. And living in a state where university is the norm after high school and if you don’t go you are looked down on has brought me to question everything. Specifically my future. I always think about my future and I’ve always seen myself doing amazing things but now being the only one of my friends who seems to be left with the road to CC I feel like I am not enough anymore and my successful future is dwindling in my college applications. I’m not exactly sure what I’m trying to say on this but I feel my overarching point is that I have never felt more down on myself about going to a CC because I’ve always thought of it as a viable path. However, now with my friends all taking the road more traveled I feel alone and I feel like I have ruined my future for good and I’m slipping.
Life is to good to be depressed yet here I am.I keep struggling to figure out why I'm suffering from so much depression. I have a great job, loved ones, cool gadgets, I even went on a few dates for the first time in my life. Yet, I've spent the night crying. I want so badly to talk to someone but I feel like I'd be an emotional burden on others if I did. I want to call one of the crisis hotlines or text lines but, I'm not suicidal and surely there are others who are far worse off than me. All I'd do is hold up a line that could be used for someone who really needs it. I keep reading about all these people who've done amazing acts of kindness for their communities yet what have I done? Made a few jokes that have made my coworker's laugh? Truth is I'm a terrible person. I pick on my coworkers and even though I'm joking and we all laugh the fact is the jokes are still mean. If someone cuts me off driving down the road I don't think hey there may be a reason they are rushing, instead I get mad and cuss. I go home after work and spend an hour watching porn like some lazy perverted sack of shit. For fucks sake I find myself lusting after this girl I've been talking to. I shouldn't be doing that. She is awesome and doesn't deserve some creep who thinks about sex. So I'll bang my head on the wall and cuss myself out until I can clear my mind. But that doesn't do no good. If I could I'd just disappear. I'd pack my shit and just disappear somewhere where instead of wasting oxygen I could actually make some kind of difference in the world. I don't want to continue being a burden on the world.
Not worth livingYesterday was the worst I’ve felt in a long time. My thoughts were like a tsunami that never wanted to end. I couldn’t hear or think about anything else other than the pain I was feeling and all I wanted was for it to be over. I wanted to stop feeling so lonely and worthless. I wanted to do my family and boyfriend a favor and just let my life end early so no one and myself have to deal with me being in pure misery. I can’t stop feeling so much, it’s exhausting, and I feel like I’m at the end of my strength to keep going. Why would I want to keep going when life has proven to shit on everything.  No matter how hard I work on myself mentally I’m still inadequate and I’m so fucking TIRED of feeling like this. I NEED TO ESCAPE. My thoughts are killing me, it’s what’s leading me to death. I can’t see clearly anymore, I feel like I’m drowning and I can’t get air because no one knows HOW BAD IM DROWNING!!! Im tired of the “it will get better” bullshit. The “try and be more positive shit” NO FUCK THAT I AM FUCKING MISERABLE IN MY OWN BODY AND MIND!! THIS ISNT JUST ANOTHER BAD DAY!! THIS IS A BAD FUCKING LIFE.  I’m so tired of feeling so restricted, I have no one that understands me, I deal with this alone and when I can’t do it alone I tell my bf but he’s not experienced with mental health issues so I don’t bother going into detail because I doubt he really cares. Or if he does, he’s going to think I’m insane. Im losing my mind, I suppress so much because my family has their own stuff and I can’t ask for help since they think my life is perfect. My friends aren’t really my friends anymore. They don’t make efforts to talk to me, completely one sided. But i get they have their own shit. So ive stopped reaching out and completely isolated myself for 5 months and im not doing any better. The only relief i feel is that breeze i felt last night on my face as i stood on the ledge with my eyes closed.
I do forty hours of work in a dayI am a very organized yet adaptable person and I work myself to the bone. I study for three hours, workout for two, study a foreign language, go to my Judo practice, play an instrument and spend some time learning a certain skill (currently juggling) every single day. On the weekends when I don't have school I even spend a good amount of time socializing, I'm actually pretty well-off in terms of friends and relationships. If it weren't obvious from the subreddit I posted this on, I'm obviously very stressed. In the last few weeks I've been suffering from headaches and I relied on meds. When I finally went to see a doctor she said that I "Do forty hours of work in a day". As I also sleep for a minimum of 7 hours and maximum of 10 I don't think lack of sleep is my problem. I'm currently trying out meditation and listening to only classical music but it isn't helping as much as I thought it would, it is helping though. I need help to relax and I'm clueless to what to do. Any advice is welcome!
I hate my father.I goddamn hate my father. Yes, I love him, mainly out of obligation, but I do. However, I damn near hate his guts. He's a lousy pothead, he's horribly stupid but thinks he's smart, he has a horrible temper, he blames everything on everything and everyone else, he's irrational, and the list goes on. He's also a bum with no job because he ends up leaving only a few months after getting a new one, so he mooches off my poor grandfather. We live (well, I go back and forth on a divorce schedule, but you get the point) in a two story house, each floor being an apartment. We own the whole place, my grandpa does to be exact, and my dad and I live upstairs for basically free. My grandfather is a great man, and he's a Vietnam vet with cancer. My dad always uses his money to buy groceries and other things  (usually), hell, he even for my poor grandfather to drop $9,000 on a goddamn jeep for him when his car broke down. He's done this for years, and how does he repay my generous, wise, and overall great grandfather? He treats him like shit. He yells at him, treats him like garbage for no reason, and the list goes on. Nothing physical, thankfully, but it's still bad. A few years back when I was maybe twelve or thirteen, my dad outright screamed at him for God-knows-what-reason for what seemed like hours. And the abuse goes past my poor grandfather. He verbally abused my older brother and I. He always yells at me and complains when I act openly depressing, because I'm goddamn depressed and suicidal, and despite knowing I'm depressed  (but not knowing I'm suicidal), he still treats me like shit for it. He says I don't do anything right over the simplest things. He threatens to take things away from me when I don't oblige. Again, the list goes on. He even used to hit, not slap, not tap, PUNCH my oldest brother when I was a lot younger, according to my mom. Said brother now never goes to his house and hasn't for about two years now. And to top it all off, one of the most horrific things I've seen him do, though it's still low on the list, is how he treats my poor dog, Candy. She's technically his/the whole families, but I have her in my room almost 24/7. He's better with her nowadays, though not by much, but it's still awful what he did. He would hit her, and a lot. Punch, smack, kick, even throw sometimes. One time, she was being yelled at by him, and she jumped up on a chair and was cornered by him. She was afraid. He kept yelling at her to get off the chair in front of my brother and I, but she was too afraid to move. After a few seconds, he picked up a curtain rod, one with a big metal ball on the end of it about the size of a marble (or bigger), and he whacked her thigh with it. Over. And over. And over. She yelped in pain as he did, him hitting harder and yelling at her to get off louder and louder. Eventually, my brother and I stepped in and goddamn yelled at the guy, basically telling him to piss off. He got mad at us for defending the dog, and stormed out of the house. He doesn't hit her as much or as hard anymore, just taps on the snout, but he still unjustifyingly puts her in her cage and yells at her. He does it if she follows him, if he's cooking and she stares at him, when she stares at him in general, whenever she wanders and doesn't lay down, whenever she licks the kitchen floor, and more. She gets yelled at and put in her cage for no good reasons. She's such a sweetheart, too. She almost always listens, she's never went to the bathroom in the house, and she's always nice. And still, he acts as if her abnormal anxiety and behavior is so random and not warranted. Always saying she's probably just dumb, or that her previous abusive owner caused it. Yes, she had an abusive owner before us. The guy even threw her out of a moving car. Anyways, it's ridiculous. I think he's bipolar. One moment he loves the goddamn dog, the next he hates her. Same goes for people. As if my physically abusive stepfather wasn't bad enough, my actual father is horrible too. Sorry to make it about the dog. Anyways, this is a heavily watered down version of everything, he's a lot worse than I may have made him seem, but I just wanted to vent after he started treating me like shit for being depressed again. Sorry for any typos too, I rushed this in case he may have seen the title. If anybody has advice, please tell me. I feel imprisoned by him because he's my parent.
Want to leave, just want to hear from othersI am planning to have the talk next week. I love my SO but it’s been years since I trusted him due to events that broke that trust BADLY. No matter how good of a person he is, I am stunted by this lack of trust in our relationship. I still love our friendship, but I don’t get anything I need from our marriage anymore because I don’t trust him. He’s also not been working for a long time and I feel resentful. I  believe we could be friends one day but I would be soooooo much healthier and fulfilled in another relationship. We have no debt and no kids so it will be relatively easy and we both have enough money to be ok. Im just scared of giving up, even though I’ve done so much therapy and journaled every day for a couple years and most of it has been unhappy and wanting to leave. It’s not a rash decision. Anyone ever had a partner that they still loved but just DIDNT want to be married to?? Have you found love again?? Just words of encouragement. I’m pretty determined but also scared.
 Anyways, during the interview, they were trying to throw my friend and I under the bus to admit to at least cheating, which we did not. All assessment at uni requires a signature to agreeing that all works is done by yourself only. They were trying to imply I was cheating because my friend with me looked over my assessment questions. They were trying to get him to agree basically that he did my assignment questions, thank god he kept saying I only GUIDED her with example questions just like the assignment you have given him (which he actually did only guided me because I am trash at maths). (They said if you did get a tutor for this assignment, that is cheating and that is a misconduct as it is not your own work). But seriously what the hell, I actually don't know anyone in this subject because it is all online (lol I barely attended the online lectures, it is summer break after all). After the interview they're just telling me to think about who I plagiarised off from, so this is just implying I'm already screwed because I have to see the dean if he will dismiss this matter. There are two guidelines I have to follow which is regardless brutal, if I did plagiarise (record, fines, etc)  and if I did not. If I did not I'm still not off the hook. Basically this is stressing me out badly for no reason, I can't prove my innocence. When I walked outside the room,  I think the person who I apparently plagiarised was there, I have never seen them before in my life. I'm just causing shitty outcome scenarios in my head like, what if the person said I did but I didn't? They school just wants to hear the answer they wanna hear??? I can't prove my innocence, how can they prove my plagiarism? The unit coordinator is the one who reported this but said he can't clear it, the dean has to?????? I just have to  wait for a dreading email what to do and more interview(s). I have two final exams left for summer and I just can't clear my head for this unnecessary problem (one of the the exams is this subject). I NEED TO STUDY.
So today's exam...I dont know, before the exam I started shaking and tears were coming out, I didnt want anyone to notice so I tried holding them back and stay quiet. I tried to stay calm, drank water but throughout the entire exam I was all fidgety and couldnt think straight, the TAs were giving me weird looks because of how much I was moving and such. I probably failed lol. Literally all that studying went to waste, I'm so dumb. I really did try this time (despite skipping a few classes because I just couldnt concentrate or was in a shitty mood)... This is probably going to be my second time failing calculus II.. I only have one more attempt at passing the course or I dont graduate so all that money gone to waste... I really hate myself. My grades arent good, my head has been a mess, I'm losing interest in everything, I've been feeling empty, I get irritated real easy, I feel like my memory has been depleting or something because its getting harder to remember things, I've been sleeping way too much lately but I still wake up tired. I dont even remember when I was geniuely happy, idk. I feel like I'm a failure, and I cant seem to find motivation... I'm too stressed. I dont even know what's the point in writing all this either.
Today was interestingSo today I met with my lawyer to go over the divorce. It’s actually pretty simple since we both agree on almost everything. There was a paramour clause I wanted in there so we went over that. I’m pretty sure my wife is seeing someone else even though she denies it. So anyways all that was pretty straight forward. We had planned for me to come over and cook dinner at the house tonight also get to spend time with my son. This is where things got a little strange. Outside talking about my son we don’t talk we have never once talked about us since we decided to separate about two months ago. She talked my head off pretty much the whole night about everything her job her family even her friends. I was a little taken back it was almost like none of the divorce stuff was happening. I felt like I had just come home from out of town work and we were catching up. Anyways she agreed with paramour clause and said she would contact her lawyer and tell him to put it in the paperwork. So now I’m a little confused I really thought she would have given me some resistance on that subject. I really don’t know how to take her right now for about the last week or so she has been very communicative with me about my son and what’s going on. Where as  before I would have to ask what was going on through a text or something before I would get any info. This divorce has to happen now but I feel like maybe she’s having second thoughts. I don’t know maybe I’m reading to much into it.
Hey... I need some help, I am a male and I think I was taken advantage of when I was younger, I have never told anyone and this is the first time I am confronting it and writing it down somewhere, when I was younger in a middle-class neighborhood in the middle of nowhere. When I was younger my sister had a friend next door and she would go over there a lot but since I was a younger sibling I went there to. The place is hell to look at now, I would go over there and that’s when I met my abuser, he was considerably older than me and I was about 7-9 ish I don’t quite remember and he was about 17, I would go in his room and watch him play video games on his Tv. He then would take out his dick and show me this progressed more and more till he tried to make me suck it ( I had unknowingly been jacking him off all this time which during that he tried to make me eat his cum, I never did) I didn’t and the play date ended, next time I went back and he had me take my dick out and he just looked and then that play date ended. thank god my sister had a fight with her friend because I fear he would have done way more.
My wife left me. She said one night that she doesn’t love me like a wife should love a husband. It’s been over a month that she moved out and has her own place. We haven’t talked in a month and some days. Our anniversary is today and my birthday is tomorrow. Alone once again on my birthday.Well where to begin...well I guess I’ll talk a bit about my self so that y’all can get some context about my situation. I suffer from First Responder PTSD. So must symptoms of depression and anxiety is like hella worse. Been living with the for at least 2 1/2 years now. So now that that’s out of the way. I understand why my wife left me. I have become way to insecure about me and us. I would always ask why do you love me. I would have days where I stay quiet and just push her away. It hurt soo much...when we have fights I would always have to be right. (I know it’s a big no no) I understand why she doesn’t love me anymore. It hurts because for the past 4 years I have been doing everything for us. Buying new furniture and donning table. Making sure we where together. (We are both in the Military so trying to co-locate was my main priority) in the end I feel like I am unworthy of any love. She was my first truly love. I have had past girlfriends but not love love. We had recently moved to Hawaii to start our life’s together after being apart for 3 years yet we made it work! But after I came back from my first patrol I was in a dark place, I was so depressed and the day she picked me up from the Boat she runs and hugs me she says how much she misses me. It was true and sincere. Later that night I was closing myself and boom she drops the bomb. I couldn’t believe my life was shattering in front of me. She wasn’t happy...and I was self sabotaging my own happiness without me noticing. It’s been 2 months that she left me, and I can’t understand how I couldn’t safe my marriage. The one thing that was beautiful in my life... In the end I know why and how I pushed her away...it hurts very much. I show up my my apartment the one that I got for us. And it’s empty and with the few memores that we made. I have been very depressed and can’t figure out how to overcome this. I’ve been getting help with doctors and getting back on my meds after this happened to me. In the end I can’t feel how much of a failure that I am, I had something beautiful and I unknowingly destroyed it and made who was supposed to be my soulmate pushed away to the point where she didn’t want to safe the marriage. I have been slowly trying to figure out how to overcome this wall. I know with time it will be ok, yet because I’m a hopeless romantic im afraid that i will never be ok. I know I’m young i have the rest of my life in front of me yet it still hurts. I tell my self that think of the worse and I have accepted that she is gone forever. I don’t want to give myself hope only to destroy my fragile mental state as it stands. Being an introvert makes my “recovery” extremely hard and I have been forcing my self to do things that I need to do. My faith has been tested to the limits that I have given up on god. But that’s not the point of this post. I’m asking Reddit for help and guidance.
I think I started to really hate myself again. I'm feeling really sad. I wish I could go and work out, or get a job, or even go out with friends. I want to do stuff, but I can't. Something inside me stops me and it's getting more and more powerful. I hate being back home. I had made plans for this summer, for my internship and vacation with friends. Well, nothing worked out. My mom was supposed to help me with the job because she's the one with the connections (yes, this is how it works here, welcome). But she didn't. She said that because of my accident on Easter (broke my foot and had surgery) she wanted me to rest. The truth is that she didn't want me to all of a sudden give up and don't go to the job again and make her look like a fool to her friends. She wants me to go on vacation but she always says that we don't have money and that me studying abroad is putting so much pressure on her (money-wise). I don't like the life that she made me believe that I can live. I can't do vacation, I can't do trips with my friends because she won't have enough for the rest of the family and her debts. And she always deprives me when I tell her I want to get a job and she tells me that I will give up and shit. Isn't it sad? And now, that nothing didn't go as planned, I completely gave up. I feel useless, I feel lost. The person that I see in the mirror isn't me. It had been years since I was that fucking sad. I remember when I used to go to my therapist and tell him that I felt depressed he responded: "You're not depressed, depressed people don't know that they are depressed". I really wish I had the power to hurt myself like I did 5 years ago. If I could I'd kill myself tonight. Unfortunately, I can't. I'm lost. I hate this life. I want to go back to the UK and stay there forever. I don't wanna see my family ever again. But I can't, I don't think I can work that hard and make the money for my rent and shit. I'm fucking useless.
Everything in my life is falling apartThis all started at the beginning of the school year. August 10th senior year, should be an easy ride, everythings going well but then everything went to shit. I've been talking to this one girl since the beginning of my junior year and i started liking her around december but due to my clinical depression i never really did much. Fast foward to the beginning of senior year and i find out my friend (at that time) liked her. I figured that I'd let him have go (it's not like anyone cares about my feelings anyways) he gets bored after awhile and stops talking to her about a month later. Because of this i decide to ask her to homecoming (my first one and last. Got fucked over by my friends freshman and sophomore year and said fuck it junior year and didn't go). I ask her and she says yes (sadly this was probably the happiest day of my life). A couple of days later some of my friends told me that my so called friend still liked her (he has the fucking mind set of an elementary schooler and when he gets bored with something he leaves it and when he sees someone else with it he wants it back) this started to give me anxiety the. I talked to him about it he said he didn't like her anymore (he lied). A week passes and my birthday comes around on the 27th. I wake up go to eat breakfast and i find out no one in my family remembers (my parents forgot 2 of my brothers forgot and surprisingly the only brother who doesn't live with us is the only one who remembers) this hit harder than i thought seeing as I'm 18 and an adult now and that it was probably gonna be the last birthday i have with my parents around (still haven't told them that they forgot my birthday). Fast foward a week later and my mom tells me she might get a divorce (parents have been fighting a lot lately). This shocked me since they've been married for 30 years. Next day i see my friend alone with my homecoming date multiple times. This triggers me and i leave school. Some friends come over after school and one of them told me that he still likes her. I start skipping class due to my anger and depression until my hoco date and my friend find out due to me avoiding everyone. Yesterday i hung out with some of my closest friends and told them about my parents. They try to cheer me up with everything but one of them doesn't know about the other situation. I go into thorough detail about it and get heated and call the fucker. He goes in a tantrum and tells my hoco date some stuff (dont know what stuff he told her or if its true or not) she hasn't texted me in a day and my mom hasn't been home since thursday so things are getting worse. I haven't slept or eaten since yesterday. I'm too depressed and mad to deal with anything right now. I just smoked for the first time since my freshman year and i might cut myself right now. This is all too much i don't want any of this.
My ex best friend A has a demeanor of a child. He has been very supportive throughout our friendship. He lost his father. I was there for him but since then he has been raging on me over meaningless matters. He always tries to belittle me. In front of others, and even when we were together. I have heard some of the most cruel things from him. He knows I would do nothing to retaliate from his actions, he understands that he is on the wrong but he still does it. My ex best friend D is a sociopath with feelings of grandeur. He belittles everyone, mocking the girls around him, mocking his friends. He wants others close to him to do what HE desires. He is a racist thinking that a white privilege exists and should be enforced on the world. He thinks so high of himself that he doesn’t take the time to criticize his actions and words or even see how others are feeling and why they act the way they do. He thinks he is God Almighty. Another ex best friend of mine called G is literally a psychopath. He had me as a friend over the years just to exploit being with a “good” person and feel like normal only to toss me on the garbage once he left where we lived to exploit his family which is rich.
First post here, sorry for my bad englishHey guys, I been in this sub for a long time now, I made this account a while back just in case I needed to post something and here it is, first post here, because I needed to vent somewhere. Im 27 years old guy who suffers depression for almost 11 years. Never talk to someone, because I feel they have they own problems to even add my own. I cant seek help too, because to tell you truth, I dont really want to, I feel like I deserved this. Tonight I felt so down that I started cutting myself for the first time. I wanna cry, let this feelings go out someway, but I cant do it, I cant cry and this is the only way I can think of release some pain. Im still shaking, my hands wont stop moving and Im afraid that I have already crossed a line that maybe I will never be able to go back to...afraid that even I kill myself one of this days. I wanted to do it, for a long time now, but the reason I never ended my life it is because my mother...she almost died in 2008 because her heart almost stop working, but she fought like a warrior to be alive and if I kill myself, I know that it will be so hard for her that she may come after me and I feel is not fair for her you know? After all she been through, she deserved to live a beautiful life...but I think there is no such thing for me, I just live my days in automatic mode, no expression, no motivation, I dont feel like doing nothing, I dont even want to eat. I just wanna stay in my bed, thinking about everything, wich of course makes my depression even worse. I cant date girls, because I feel they can find someone much better than me, I dont wanna go out with the few friends I have left because I consider myself Im a boring person to be with, I cant even play videogames with someone anymore because I feel they can find much better players than me...I just spend my days alone, my head always hurts because Im always thinking things, I can barely smile (wich I only do so people wont ask me whats going on), I can barely sleep anymore either because like I said im always thinking...I just dont know what to do anymore, I cant deal this anymore...Everyday is getting worse and worse, and Im fine with it because I deserved it...I dont even know what to say anymore...sorry for the long post and you dont have to answer me, I just needed to get that out of my chest. And sorry for my english too...
I contacted my Ex wife and it went terrible. Advice is welcome or just someone to read thisSo I contacted her through Twitter because we still follow each other and she was pretty active on it. It was just pleasantries to be honest. And then nothing I responded after she did and then nothing. I felt so terrible afterward, I didn't need to contact her I just was weak. And to be honest I do feel weak, I was not made for this dating scene now. I do not understand it. I'm a very straight forward person. And ever since my divorce I've had four failed relationships. Now I am certain that I am the problem. That I was really the reason we did get a divorce and it hits me in waves. Some days I can deal with it but days like today make me think that something is really wrong inside me. Like maybe I don't deserve to be happy. I'm in graduate school and I'm in bathroom stall trying to avoid everyone around me at the moment. I'm just sick and tired of feeling this way. Been divorced for about a year and few months and there hasn't been a day where I haven't thought about her. She's happy and with someone else now and I'm happy for her I just hope he does for her what I couldn't.
Called 911 on a friend after receiving suicidal texts followed by radio silence, now met with anguish from friendTo keep it short, my friend (who suffers from bipolar depression) posted an instagram story depicting her drinking from a vodka bottle at 7:00am on a saturday, captioned with the line "are you ever so depressed you need to numb yourself as soon as you wake up?" After seeing this, I immediately text her, telling her I'm on my way with a coffee to talk/get her out of the house/go on a walk. She proceeded to tell me that she had attempted suicide that Wednesday and has been subsequently kicked out of her apartment by her craiglist (unsupportive and awful) roommates. She told me she didn't want to talk to me unless I had a place for her to stay. As I do not, I told her I'd give her space but was available if she started feeling suicidal again. Throughout the day, she continued to post disturbing instagram stories about "no one being there for her" how her next story was going to be her "dead corpse." After getting a hold of her girlfriend after seeing the story about her dead body, I was informed that my friend was on a severe mental break from reality, breaking windows at her current apartment, threatening her girlfriend, egging the girlfriend's windows, and continuing to drink. When I learned her roommates planned to call the police on my friend after smashing the windows in their apartment, I called the police to have her admitted to the hospital to hopefully avoid jail. At the time, I was with a friend of mine who works at an in-patient psychiatric ward and believed this was her only option considering the seriousness of her suicidal thoughts. I called 911 and explained the situation. They took her to a local hospital and held her until her girlfriend could sign whatever paperwork is required to admit someone. After several hours, I learned the her girlfriend decided against her hospitalization. I texted her that night explaining that after not hearing from her, I was genuinely concerned that she was acting on her statements to take her life. A few days have passed and I have since received a tirade of texts blaming me for her untreated decades of mental illness, for being financially unstable, for being a bad friend as in her mind I should have been aware that she was nearing a psychotic episode (I truly was not aware as we are not entirely all that close), and for not offering to have her stay at my apartment. I don't feel safe having her in my apartment after the barrage of verbal abuse she has launched at me, and I feel that she is using my expressed guilt in not seeing her pain before/calling the police as a way to manipulate me into letting her stay on my couch. However, I don't believe I have the ability to address her fundamental mental illnesses and think she needs to attend an in-patient therapy to address her untreated bi-polar disorder. She does not have a job, has no support from her family, and has alienated everyone in her life because of these episodes. I am the only one left and I do not want to abandon her, but I also don't want to enable her by letting her stay with me without committing to take steps to address her mental health.
Soul crushed and now imagining how I would commit suicideI recently got scammed. It was small amount so it wasn't the scam that really got me. My bane is that I have a strong sense of justice, so I tried to fight back by scamming the scammers. It's a long story, but in short I tried to convince a scammer to put money in my uncle's bank account (there are reasons why I did not give mine). No one can compromise a bank account with just the account number and name right, otherwise companies & shops wouldn't put it up publicly for payment, right? Well, logic doesn't fly with everyone. When a scammer told me he banked in something and I was feeling happy that I may have gotten a slightly victory over these unscrupulous bastards, I told my uncle to check. He flipped and got so angry that I had revealed his account number, even when I tried to explain to him no one can compromise it with just the number. I even called the bank to confirm it and they did. That didn't stop him continuing to degrade my intelligence. Whatever sense of victory I had was wiped out. You see my uncle is my mother's brother. She has her whole life hardly ever said a positive thing about anything I did, but also was equally paranoid about a lot of things I enjoy. I love nature, I like to hike and scuba dive. But she deems that as dangerous and will not listen when I try to explain that these things are safe as long as I take all safety measures. I'm statistically more likely to die in a car crash. Well, you can't explain statistics and logic to a parent or older person who thinks they know better than you just because they are older. And that how it's been my whole life. Constantly being told my opinions and logic don't matter because I'm younger therefore I am stupid and rebellious when I try to explain anything. I like to write and I think a lot, and it's been frustrating to grow up in an environment where having an opinion different from people older than me gets me labelled stupid and rebellious. Of course the effect that had is I no longer talk to my mother. My uncle has been mostly good to me, recently I had been almost considering them like my own parents since my mother never supports  and my father has been gambling. And so now that this has happened and my uncle basically blew up without listening to reason, basically crushing whatever little satisfaction I had that maybe, just maybe, I managed to fool a fucking scammer and get some justice, I feel done with life. Even when I caved and agreed with him that yes, I am stupid. He took that as me being sarcastic and fighting back. Just like my mom always does. I can't argue with them, I can't agree with them. All I'm supposed to do is just shut up and not talk. And so the fact that I'm an opinionated person kills me everyday, because in the end, the people who are supposed to support never have and it feels like my opinions don't matter, my logic doesn't matter. If it all doesn't matter, then what's the point of fighting for anything? I'm better off dead.
Mid 30s (m) going through divorce with 2 young kidsMy stbxw and I are both in mid-30s with 2 young kids (3 and 4) and are going through a divorce (married for 9 years) that so far has been rather amicable. We both said that the kids are the absolute most important thing and that we will do everything in our power to put them first throughout this process. To make a long story short, we had an incredibly tough two year period early in our marriage that were caused by events that were wholly out of our control ( physical and mental health / unexpected family deaths/ job issues) that I feel completely changed the trajectory of our marriage and lives. Ultimately, we handled the situation differently that led to a roommate and intimate-free marriage. She is a fantastic mother and is someone with whom I respect and also love, just not in an intimate manner. From her perspective, love is something you have to fight for and I “chose to not love her.” I understand her perspective. Ultimately, I would rather my young children see their parents in a loving and intimate relationship, and that just was not going to happen in this situation.
Depression is weirdI'm definitely not as depressed as some, or even most people, but I wouldn't say I'm not depressed at all. I have no motivation to do anything. Even things that I know I'll enjoy I tend to dread just because they involve expending effort. I've always been a procrastinator, but recently it's gotten out of hand. I don't know how to put it, I care about life in general but not about any of the things I'm doing in it right now. Which is strange because isn't that what life is? A collection of the things we do? I hate the mentality that our biggest accomplishments/goals/currents pursuits define us. That is not true. But it makes it hard to feel like you do anything worthwhile when you look at your life based only on the big things. I'm currently happier than I have been in a long time overall, and yet still less motivated than ever. It's a conflicting feeling. I'm pursuing things I enjoy, spending my days with people I love, expanding my horizons, learning new and interesting things about myself and the human condition, and yet I still never want to get off of my couch. DEPRESSION IS WEIRD. Is doesn't make everybody feel like life is hopeless and that we're all a bunch of flesh bags just wasting time here until we die. (We aren't, by the way.) It doesn't make anybody feel the same way, which is why it's so very isolating. Sometimes it helps to take comfort in knowing that others can relate, but more often than not I find myself wishing that they couldn't because I'm going to feel alone no matter what. Recently, I haven't been feeling like "myself". I find myself looking in the mirror and thinking about my recent actions and how they don't fall into the category of things that I would do. This is a contradictory and silly thing to me because technically everything I do is something that I would do. (Duh.) I think about my younger self and how she would feel about what I'm doing. Something that I try to remember is that you don't owe anything to your past self. Human plans change. I don't care what you had planned or how you thought things were going to turn out, it's OKAY IF THOSE THINGS DON'T HAPPEN.  It's ok if they do happen and you end up not liking them. It's okay. EVERYTHING IS OKAY. It's okay to change your mind. It's okay to be honest. It's okay to not know things. It's okay to feel foolish. It's okay to get embarrassed. It's okay to be you. Being 100% yourself, albeit sometimes quite difficult, is the only true way to be happy, I've discovered. This doesn't mean some twisted expectation of yourself, this means really yourself. Admit everything to yourself, even the stuff you're embarrassed about, and allow yourself to exist without expectation. You'll find that you'll gravitate towards people you truly like and have things in common with, and like the people who gravitate towards you. YES these are all clichés. "You're not alone." "Everything is going to turn out okay." "Be yourself." Blah blah. You've heard these a million times and they never held any meaning and probably still don't. I'm not challenging you to open up your mind to these platitudes, but until you truly discover the meaning of them for yourself and in your soul, don't discredit their meaning for other people. I am, however, challenging you to question your feelings, push yourself to try new things even when you don't want to, keep an open mind, and accept yourself for who you are and what you like within. Once you are able to do that, nothing in the outside will matter. I don't know if this helped you, if it didn't, if you liked it or not, but you read this far so thank you. Even if only one line from this long ass post sticks with you, it's worth it. You never know what's going to affect people and truly stick with and influence them. People are weird, man. Depression is weird. I hope you can find something to smile about today.
I know you'll probably all say that high school relationships are nothing and all that, but we've been dating since my freshman year, for 3 years in the fall. Yes, we have our occasional ups and downs but we've never broken up, we can always figure things out and being around him just makes me so happy. He came into my life when my parents just finalized their divorce after many years of substance abuse, vicious fighting, and taking their problems out on me. Before him, I didn't believe that families could be so functional and right. He changed my perception of the world so now I focus on all the good in the world, and how the bad things are really so insignificant and difficult. I see him every single day, we work around our busy work schedules just to see each other on lunch breaks. I know he's going to be successful, I love his family, I love him, he's handsome, charming, outgoing, and I just want to stay with him. I've told him all of this and he just wants me to do what will make me happy, but I have no idea what that is.
Not sure if this is stress or anxiety or both?Hello, new here and just felt like explaining my situation to people I don’t know 🤷🏾‍♀️. I have a particularly noisy set of kids, one on the spectrum with sensory seeking issues and one that loves to follow his big bro with the jumping and loud noises. We are currently upstairs tenants and have had issues with complaining neighbors from the noise but for some great Divine reason we always have most of our downstairs neighbors move out close to summer when the kids are out of school and that helps a lot with the worrying of noise complaints. Long story short, new neighbors moved in this week so I have a whole month of trying to keep my kids from being noisy, I’m super stressed and trying to decide should I approach my neighbor and explain why my kids are noisy and hope for understanding or tie my kids down (just kidding). I’m really trying to stop them from being noisy but I have this impending doom feeling like i will have issues with the new neighbors because of this. Sorry for the long post, run on sentences and such.
In my case there was no abuse. We were together for 8 years that was mostly good and we have 4 kids. Right around 5 years I got a promotion at work and i got it in my head that my XH was dragging me down, or at least holding me back from more success and a better life. We never had a lot of money but with my promotion I was now making more than he was. I started working longer hours and at the same time his hours were cut so he was at home more. I really began to resent him because he was home and because he got to spend time with our kids. Most nights when I got home they were already getting ready for bed if not already sleeping. After a few months of my new job it was clear to me that things were not going well at home without me there. Some nights the dishes werent done when I got home or the kids hadnt eaten or whatever else I could think of to be mad at him about. It really didnt matter. He kept saying that he would try harder but that it was hard being home all the time. That always made me really mad.
I walk up to business door that was obviously closed and noticed the door next to the bar I wanted to go to was open. I started reading the signs on the door which only talked about events, not about the pub itself. I feel a tap on my shoulder. I spin around and I come face to face with three men. A white haired man that was the tallest. Let's call him Jelly. The shortest one that was balding with brownish grey hair on his face. Let's call him Jay. and the third. He had a receding light brown hair. Blueish green eyes and the holiest shirt one could ever see. Let's call him Life. I ended u Drinking with them and started to get close to Life. He wasn't gay and was there for Jelly cause he was losing his sight. Life already had history with the pub an the people in in and most not good. I won't get into that. Anyways. later that night they took me to dinner and treated me. It was really nice. Jelly Jay and Life was so damn nice. I ended up learning Life had two girls and was divorced and that we was twice my age. I really enjoyed being in his presences for the time I did. I thought that when I walked around that corner with a last glance over at them that it would be the last.
I dont even know...So. I'ma just hop right into it. Me and my sister have these stupid little arguments a lot. We are constantly nagging at each other for stupid things like for bot saying excuse me to ask them to move or something like that. But then there are other times when it's just a battle to make the other one lose there shit. I'm a pretty emotional kid, but I try to keep my stress and thoughts to myself, but sometimes I just boil over and have a flipping mental breakdown. I'm not very good with analogies, but I'm going to try. So there's one container that is filling up with stress. When that's full there's another container that all of that stuff goes into called an argument. When there's too many arguments, then some of that stuff goes into  a breakdown where I want to... Say things that I shouldn't. Right now I'm full of things I want to say, but I hate that I want to say them, I would hate it if I did say them, but I also hate that I don't say them, so I don't know how I'm supposed to vent on those things. It's just a viscous cycle. Any ideas?
We ended up dating for 6 months, and I knew she was the one for me, she was beautiful, she loved me for who I was, I didn't have to pretend to be this cool dude like I did with my friends, she loved the sensitive little bitch I was. Everything was going well, till (Jan 2018) she called and cried, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer at a bad stage, the doctors said they could cure it but he would only survive for a couple of months. Laura was going through some tough times, but I was always with her, trying to make her strong. She would tell me stories about her dad, like how they used to horse ride back when they used to live on farm lands, and how he would work 14 hours everyday just his both daughters could have the life that every other kid had. Tbh that got me so depressed, like the fact that her father sacrificed so much for his kids and all. But no matter what had happened over the next few months, years or the next decade or so, i said to myself that I would always be with Laura, and I wanted to marry her.
I am open to discuss details about the above but don't want this post to be a book.  I feel like I want a divorce but am currently able to get along at home reasonably well.  My wife does not want divorce.  Not rushing, but not wanting to linger.  I'd say 3 main motivations are to create a space where my kids can experience me and how I deal with things out of my control, I want to socialize more, and more flexibility to make major life choices with things like finances and spirituality.  I don't want to punish my wife in any way and don't expect her to financially support the lifestyle I have provided our family.  She doesn't agree with what I want to explore spiritually, disagrees with my method of parenting and interferes, isn't willing or supportive of taking risks financially or socializing.  Not a thing wrong with her disagreeing with me, but I have a temperament and personality that makes it so easy for me to let go of what i want, or hide it, to avoid abrasive conflict.  Give me traction over friction anyday!
On Saturday, my dad never returned home from work in the morning. I was 12 PM and he usually comes him anywhere from 8-10AM so it was odd. My mom, me, and my older brother (24) were calling and texting him for a while. My mom even drove out to his job and didn’t see his car. She began to worry. We got back home and he finally texted back about an hour later stating “I need some time to think.” Not even an hour after he sent that text, my mom left the house as well, leaving me and my brother at home. I was worried too, but didn’t let it get to me so I started playing some volleyball outside. I see my mom pull up with alcohol in her hand and walk to the backyard. I walk back with her and she’s just sobbing. Sobbing a lot. I hug her for a long time and I just sit there trying to support her without even knowing what’s going on. She tells me that my dad told her “I don’t love you anymore.” My heart shattered right then in there. Honestly, this is no shock to me as my dad cheated on my mom when I was 7 (so I don’t really have recollection of this), but all I know is that their relationship when downhill from there. She always told me how she felt stuck in a loveless marriage and I guess this was it. My house didn’t feel the same before  this happened either. My dad was always making side comments on her weight to me when we were together and I never really saw them talking. My dad has been sick lately (his ear has been messed up) and emotions have been running wild in general. My dad lost his mom in 2017 (and he has to deal with his crazy family members) and my mom lost her mom back in 2008 (and she has yet to recover from this, hence why she was suicidal and depressed). So I guess all of this has to do with timing....— anyways tension is high in the house ever since this happened. My brother isn’t even really reacting to anything, and I’m just conflicted. My mom is just talking about finding a place to live, and I want to go with her, but she wants me to stay with my dad because she doesn’t want me to go through a whole bunch of living changes/arrangements. I tried to talk to my brother to get him to live with her to keep an eye on her. My dog is also going to live with my mom and I just don’t know what to say or do so help support my mom. What pisses me off the most is how non-chalant my dad is. I guess he’s trying to calm the blow because he’s trying to talk to me and my brother but I’m just angry with him. I feel like my entire life was a lie (my parents have been together for like 27 years and married for like 21 years). This has made me question if my dads love for me or the family was even real. It makes me angry because he acts like he doesn’t even care that he broke my moms, but at the same time, I love him. It’s crazy because everything was just so normal not even a week ago. My dad has been stressed lately, but I never saw this coming. I’m broken because my family will never be a full family anymore. And what makes it worse is that it’s at the worst possible time for me. I’m already depressed and jealous of other peers around me, I’m preparing to take the ACT, preparing and looking for colleges as I am a junior. I don’t know how to support my mom. I don’t know how to deal with my dad. I don’t know how to deal with this “moving” situation. I don’t know what to do. I’m sorry for such the long paragraph but I needed to vent. I don’t have many friends I can tell this to.
* To keep up the illusion that I agreed with no lawyers, but still protect myself, I got a lawyer "by consult only", which meant that my lawyer advised me on how to fill out the forms to my best advantage, how to spin things to my ex to "keep trust high", and advised me on things that may happen during the hearing - but did not officially represent me in any legal capacity. My lawyer's advice saved me from filing an optional form with the original paperwork that may have automatically granted my ex temporary alimony based on our disparate incomes. No telling how much money my lawyer saved me overall, but it was much more than the $1,750 I ended up paying for her services. Having a lawyer also brought me a lot of peace of mind in case things got contentious in the future. I used a credit card that my ex no longer had access to, my work mailing address for all correspondence, and kept all related documents at work. At this point, I also changed all my online credentials and phone password.
when i was a kid, i had a simple dream: to live in a one bedroom-apartment all by myself. with nobody else around.31 here. every person i've ever known has worked long hours for shit all in return. grew up poor. every person i've ever known are all severely depressed and suicidal. both my parents killed themselves due to career and health problems. i'm no different, minus health problems. that's kinda nice. worked as an electrician because i was no good at school, worked ridiculously long hours, was sacked for incompetence and crying on the job. can only get jobs at retail or government work. can now never earn more than $19 an hour, which in australia, is bad as minimum wage is $17 and everything is expensive. hey at least i'm able to get jobs at all. should i be lucky? all i ever wanted as a kid was my own apartment. nobody to tell me to shut up if i close a door or sing or turn the television on. nobody to steal things i owned. nobody to invade my privacy or tell me to shut up if i walked too loudly. i have to block my door from the inside to prevent my roommates from annoying me or stealing anything. i want to work in the mines or on an oil rig but nobody will hire me due to my lackluster previous jobs.
I don't know how exactly how to start this, this is the first time I open up about my depression randomly online and reading through all the other posts in this sub made me feel like opening up. Not even my family knows I'm depressive since I was 12, because I always covered it up with the good old "nah I'm fine, just feeling a little letdown". I had my first kiss and long-term relationship when I was 15, and for five years I've kept going up and down in my mood, but never felt what people call "true happiness". After those five years, one of the people I trusted the most, backstabbed me and convinced my to-be fiancée to leave me for him. I live in a third-world country, he lives in Canada, and of course she didn't think twice and took the proposal. They've been married since then, not that I care anymore, I'm better off alone so that I at least don't bother anyone else. Similar stories happened with my two next long-term relationships. There were days where I would do everything I could and muster up willpower to at least seem happy, but they always ended up seeing through it and, well, I myself could never keep up my act. I always thought that I was depressive because I didn't had someone by my side, but now I realize that this has nothing to do with that. To this day I still don't know what made me change into this. As each day passes I drink, toke and smoke more and more in hopes of not waking up the other day. I don't even cry anymore, I just feel numb and empty. But I always wake up in desperation of the thought that, once again, I'm alive, and that I'll have to go to work and deal with another day of the same repetitiveness. It's been 4 years since this routine started, and I basically just work so I can pay my rent and feed my addictions. I have no hope, and I really don't understand what's the purpose of being alive if our existence makes literally no difference in this universe. We exist because we exist. We didn't choose to be born, and if we choose to off ourselves, we are considered weak, coward individuals. If we raise our hands in expectation of help, it's always the same "hey, life is good and short, you should cherish it and do the best you can, be happy, this sadness of yours is bad for you and everyone around you". Because yeah, it surely is that simple to "be happy". I don't want to be here anymore, because I already know that it will only get worse from here. This came up a little garbled and messed-up because I can't really think correctly or bother to let myself think more about the past. Life is short, probably for those who live happy lives, but this feels like a drag and I sincerely don't want to be here anymore. Already tried offing myself many times to no avail, and ended up strained with my parents for a while because of that. Too bad we can't get guns here where I live, because I'd happily put a bullet in my own head if I could.
I took a tumbleWalking to a meeting down the street today, enjoying the sun and thinking I should explore my area more...I stumbled and fell. Literally. Thankfully (to my ego), no one seemed to be around to see my spectacular fail. I bounced back up in record speed brushed off a bit and kept going. As I sat in the meeting the first thing I thought was “see that’s what I get for not paying attention” then thought “ugh, how can I be adventurous on my own when I can’t even walk down the street” and then thought “and I’m alone now, no one to call and tell even if it’s for a laugh.” But it dawned on me that my ex would’ve blamed me being out of shape or being “fat” or my typical clumsiness. I wouldn’t have gotten comfort or been asked if I was ok. As I lay here in tears on my couch, it isn’t the pain from my fall that hurts, it’s that he wouldn’t have been kind to me even if he were here. I’d have been lectured and/or brushed off. This man, this “love of my life”, hasn’t been empathetic to me in years. That realization hurts. He’s so amazing with the kids, just no love at all for me. He’d said that himself at our breakup. It’s just taken all this time for it to hit home in my heart... he really never loved ME. He tolerated me. Well... screw that. Just like I bounced up from the sidewalk, it’s time for me to start bouncing back from this. I’ve got to start being kind to myself. Because I know he’s going to find someone and treat her the way I wish he’d treat me. And that is going to suuuuuuuuuck. So I need to brush off and heal and maybe when he does find love it won’t feel like falling on concrete.
The Blood Stained RoomApril 4th, 2023. Take your child to work day... My daughter, Asuna, had insisted to come with me to my job. It was a hellish job, Asuna didn't belong there, she was only 5 and I worked at an asylum for mentally unstable or insane criminals. Obviously, this is not the job for 5 year olds to be seeing, but as "Asu" always never stops until she had her way, I had no choice but to bring her. After saying goodbye to my lovely wife, I placed Asuna on her hello-kitty themed booster and buckled her seatbelt, "Click!". Asuna always said that whenever I buckled her seatbelt. It was a tradition, a natural part of autopilot whenever we were in the car. The engine produced an awful sound and a thick, black cloud rose up from underneath the hood. Despite it, the car was still able to drive. My job is only a mere 10 minutes away, so it wasn't a lot of time to enjoy my daughter's sweet, silky voice singing tunes of her favorite nursery rhymes. Oohhh, I fucking miss Asuna..
When it all happened, a built a strong support system for me. My focus was staying employed (I work for an Ag company, I'm in IT) and to keep cutting my hair, continue shaving and clothing myself. I let go of a lot of my friends including a couple who I thought was really close to us as I found out they helped her cheat on me by lying for her and making it easy for them to see each other. I started right away with therapy for myself and this was super helpful. I'm still in therapy, (I had stopped going in August, but in November I had to go back as I learned she was getting re-married). I still go, but it's not nearly as often to my sessions (1 a month, but my next appointment isn’t for 2 months). The other huge change in my life, I started attending church on a semi regular basis. I was raised catholic and while I’m not the best catholic out there, I do believe there is someone who watches over me and my loved ones. I pray a little every night and I thank him every morning when I open my eyes. I’m thankful for my kids, my family and my friends, without them, I have no idea where I’d be or IF I’d be here today.
He, on the other hand, has been on an escalating campaign against me. Going back on an agreement we made to keep our divorce and the reasons behind it private except for our closest friends and family, he's told everyone he comes across in our small town, telling lies about me and blaming me for the divorce. I've had people come up to me and say things like "I was sorry to hear about you and X. I hope you're getting the help you need," having absolutely no idea what they could be referring to - "the help I need" - for what? Finally I pressed one of our casual friends about what he meant by that, and he informed me that my STBXH had told them that I had an "addiction issue." Which is a straight up lie. I don't smoke weed, I only drink occasionally, I've never done an illegal drug in my whole life or abused a prescription drug, and I don't gamble at all. I am a fucking boy scout. It's a completely unfounded accusation designed to make me look unreliable and untrustworthy. And if I deny it, people may think that I am "in denial" or some other such nonsense.
I lost my dad today.I lost my dad today. I've been really sad . My family tells me to be strong but that is impossible. My dad was born in 1948 he was the strongest smartest man I know. He was in the military, he faught in Vietnam. That is were he got agent orange and it started to slowly kill him. 20 years ago he had a heart attack. This had progressed so much that today he took his last breath. We were all so happy getting the kids ready to go when we looked over and saw that he wasn't breathing anymore lying in that bed.  He was not like that a week ago. He was able to speak and laugh and walk and eat but after the last hospital visit he no longer could. I wish I could remember his voice it's been so long since I've heard it. I love that man more than anything!!  I wanted to get this off my chest as we are not allowed to post on Facebook right now. But I needed to say it somewhere. I'm sorry for the sadness. I just ask one thing. When you go about your day remember my story. Treat the ones around you with kindness and generosity as my dad showed me. Love everyone in your life unconditionally cause you never know when it will be the end.  Good night everyone. And if you decide to post this please remove my name. We want to be private for now. Thank you
I feel stuck and hopeless. No matter what I do or what happens, even if its good, I still feel shitty and I feel like its just going to slowly keep getting worse until I can't handle it anymore and do something stupid. I just need to vent and let it out.I don't know exactly where to start or how. This is sort of just going to be a ramble of my thoughts and feelings. Life has been pretty hard on me for awhile and i have been struggling emotionally and mentally. I silently cry myself to sleep almost every night and get stuck in my thoughts and i have a hard time getting up. Everyday seems like a slow drag and i just want it to be over and done with so i can sleep and pass time. I'm always plagued by negative and suicidal thoughts if I'm not doing anything and i can't seem to stay happy after something good no matter what it is. I hate the way i feel and i mostly want to die because i see it as my only option to get rid of my feelings. However, i recently started to realize that i have become my own bully and constantly have self-loathing thoughts. I have never really been truly bullied by anyone before though. I hate everything about myself and constantly put myself down in my head by telling myself all my negative qualities like I'm annoying, stupid, ugly, weird, boring, uninteresting, pathetic and worthless. I have no value as a human being. Its almost like there is a second voice in my head telling me all this and i try to tell it no and see the good inside me but its always there no matter what. I mostly feel the way i do because i have never really had any real or good friends before and the friends i do make always end up either ignoring me or forgetting about me. I have my family but i haven't ever really been super close to any of them and open up and trust. The one family member i trusted and was closest to passed away 2 years ago from cancer though and that hit me really hard. I try not to be a downer and i try to be nice and friendly towards people and be interesting and put in the effort into socialization but it never seems like its enough. I never get mad or take it out on people though because i know thats wrong. That's about my only good quality i guess, i like to think i'm kind but it doesn't count for shit when that's all there is to me. I really don't see the point in trying anymore when all my friendships are failures because I'm a worthless piece of shit. I know people come and go but it would be nice to have at least one person who actually cares and stays. That's pretty much all i want now. Just to meet that one special someone i can spend the rest of my life with but i know that's never going to happen because of who i am. The only thing that keeps me distracted and happy are video games now but even then, those are beginning to not be enough nowadays. I have lots of issues and other problems i would like to vent about but i guess this is enough for now. That's my ramble i guess. I feel sorry for anybody that reads this but thanks anyways. I hope you have a good day
I want to die and I blame Islam and my cultureI am so ready to die. I hate my life and I hate the religion and culture I was fucking born in and no I will not apologize. My mom treats me like complete shut, worse than an animal and treats my brothers like they are a prize. Like they are fucking kings while I am just a mere slave who is her property. They can wear whatever the fuck they want while I have to wear hijab. They can go anywhere they want and sleepoblver while I can't. I don't have a social life because apparently Muslim girls who have social lives are whored and only have sex the minute they step outside without a guardian. Today was my breaking point. I came a little late from school because a friend needed help with something (less than 5 min) and when I get the the car my mom accuses me of talking to boys and that I have a boyfriend. She refused to believe anything I say. Meanwhile my brothers come home 2 hours after school ends because they are in clubs or hanging out with friends. It's not fair. When we got home she talks down to me and yells at me . All I want is respect yet she talks to me like I'm a burden. An animal. And she talked to my brothers so respectfully. I was so jealous. I relapsed into self harm today after being 3 yrs clean. Now that I know I can cut myself I'm gonna kill myself. Maybe today, maybe after I watch avenger endgame. Idk.  I'm cleaning my room rn and preparing for my death. Fuck Allah for taking my life away from me. If I was born in a typical average white family I wouldn't have to deal with this shit.  I would be happy.
I plan on killing myself before the end of 2019When I was a kid, I was diagnosed on the autism spectrum with aspergers syndrome, because of this, I've dealt with so much abuse and bullying for it. My friends have turned against me for it, not because I hurt them, but because I'm an inferior human being because of my disorder (or so they say). I've always been insecure about my diagnosis, I hate myself for it, it's one the reasons why I was so isolated as a kid, and why I'm so shy and awkward a lot. Recently some guys in another server attacked me for being on the spectrum and nobody gave a shit, even after I reported them, it wasn't even the first time someone on that server had previously said shit about me, one time I was venting because I lost my friends because they knew about my diagnosis, and they said they were right for leaving me because people with my disorder are "burdens". My peers don't think of me as normal, but just rather a complete joke who isn't even human. My mom sometimes vents on social media about how she wishes she had a normal and better son. I hate myself so much, I feel so alone and like nobody will ever truly love me, because all I am is a sick monster that should've been aborted according to everyone. I'd be happy if 2019 is my last year of suffering, yet the only way that can happen is if it's my last year ever.
i can’t imagine ever being happy again once college is overi’ve got one week left of college until i’m finished forever and my anxiety has been through the roof for the past week or so. i can’t remember a day where i didn’t cry because i’m so afraid of the future. i thought college was going to be as miserable as all my years in school but it was actually pretty great. i feel like right now i’m in “the good old days” and i’m gonna miss this so much. i’ve met some amazing people and after college i’m probably never gonna see them again which is killing me inside. there’s one friend in particular that i’m gonna miss more than anyone else, having to go through the rest of my life without her is gonna be fucking miserable and i’m not sure if i’ll be able to do it. she’s more than likely going to forget about me as soon as we leave on the last day which is understandable. everyone else seems pretty excited to graduate but it’s the last thing i want to do right now and my life after college is gonna suck so bad.
I've been thinking about suicide a lot today...Thanksgiving was fine but today...I feel like I'm sliding back into the deep parts of depression. Mauve it was the fact that I had to work today in what can only be described as the prolasped asshole area of Georgia. I've been trying to distract myself this whole shift from thinking about it. Tried some YouTube videos, lot of gone wild subreddits, some podcast. Didn't help. Keep thinking that there are two pistols at my folks house. It would have been easy. Everything would finally become quiet. I probably wouldn't have been able to do it. Not with them on the house. I do have a knife in the car tgough... It's weird that I'm kind of annoyed that I probably can't go through with it. I feel like I want to do it. There is this tiny grain of resistance that keeps telling to hang on. I know it can get better because I've been here before but I'm not seeing any signs that it will. I'm trying to take my own advice but I'm really struggling man. It's way harder than its ever been. I just want to make it through this.
Why?I feel that I'm worthless, I'm going to undoubtedly fail in life. I will let down all of those who care about me. I am just another failure, screaming into an indifferent void. Nobody will remember me. When I die, nothing will have changed in the world, I will have been just another meaningless speck of life. I'm the grand scale of the universe, I am utterly nothing. Nothing will come of my life but pain for those who love me. When I was born I had a bleed in my brain that doctors said would either kill me or leave me as a vegetable. But by some miracle it stopped itself. Here I am. Sometimes I wonder to myself, "why did God waste a miracle on me? Why am I here? What possible reason would there be for me to be saved only to surely be a failure later in life? I am lazy, selfish, I procrastinate, I CANNOT DO THIS FOREVER. I know I need help but I am too scared to completely open up to someone. When I'm in school i often scratch the top of my head, a nervous tick i suppose. I often do it to the point of bleeding. I feel that I'm the 'weird kid' in school but nobody has the balls to tell if to my face. I can feel their judgemental eyes drilling holes into the back of my head and wonder what they truly think of me. I have a very small circle of two friends but I seem to be too much of a coward to speak to anyone i do not know. I feel like everyone is silently judging me. Around my family i put on a mask that "I'm fine, nothing is wrong" I wish I could tell them, I wish someone knew how I truly felt about myself but I won't let myself get help.
is worth it? When my heart and soul are being destroyed, when every day I die a little bit more. I guess that slowly dying leaves you with only one option... to resurrect, sooner or later. But the question is, how much time do I have to wait? Because it's not happening and the wait doesn't seem like something worth waiting for".-He was staring at the sky now, at some random birds that that happened to flew by at that moment. "You know, I never understood why someone would want to take his life by jumping off somewhere, I mean, if the place is too short, you wouldn't die but you surely would end up badly injured. And if it's too high the falling takes too long and you might even repent doing it, but there is no turning back now".-He seemed particularly captivated by the subject. "That all was untill recently. You know, throwing yourself from somewhere high like a tall building, a skyscrapper or even bridge, could be the best way".-His eyes were wide open as he spoke, but started to glimmer wet. "When everything is so fucking wrong and painfull, hopeless. When your heart is torn appart, and black and twisted demons own you. Just when nothing can help you... If you jump, for a second at least, for one tiny moment, you are free. You fly free of everything, for that second nothing matters anymore... Just you, falling... Flying!! And as the wind goes by you, it takes away everything bad, all the pain and the aches, the suffering and the demons everything. And it leaves you empty. But a good kind of empty. A kind that you feel warm inside. And then, everything ends, you just go away happy, without worries. You just go away leaving all the bad stuff behind...".-For the first time he was expecting an answer, one that didn't come. He turned around to face the man, just to see nobody there. Only cars that drove through the bridge, and a warm wind whistling. For a second he wondered who might have been answering, if it was the wind or just nobody. Just for a second though. Quickly he turned his eyes back to the nothingness he was staring before. What seemed to be a tear fell down his cheek. "I really needed your answer". He turned and started to walk, going back to his home. Not before taking a look over the edge of the bridge one more time, staring deep into what seemed and endless abyss. Not before wondering one more time. Not before knowing that tomorrow he will find himself there yet once again, asking himself the same question one more time, "Is it really so bad?".
I've come to the realization the people in the r/Divorce subreddit who I don't even know are more supportive and understanding than my own flesh and blood.Nobody I know in my entire circle of friends or family including both of my parents seem to understand the realities of my divorce from my ex wife and the impact it has had on my kids and myself over the past year. They just don't get it because they have never actually lived it. They only see it from the outside looking in. They don't seem to understand how hard it was to fight for my right to get shared custody of my kids and the sacrifices I have had to make in order to maintain my custody. They seem to think I should just be able to work a full-time job and handle the kids half the time with no problem. Well I hate to break it to them but unless they are willing to retire and lend a hand it's not so cut and dry. There are schedules that conflict, kids that get sick, kids that don't want to cooperate in the morning and parenting even half the time still at times feels it takes more work than it should in itself. They aren't there to see the meltdown my 4 year old has when I need to drop him off at daycare in the morning and he refuses to get his boots on and leave the house so I can get to work on time. And they aren't able to be there to help me in the morning or at bed time. They seem to dismiss the severity of the whole situation because they can't seem to understand just how difficult divorce really is on a family because despite them having separated when I was younger, they never actually followed through with their divorce themselves. They don't seem to understand just how ugly of a monster divorce really is to a child or even to an adult for that matter. And I feel like I am completely alone after talking to them and expressing how it feels to have to turn down a really good paying job because it meant I would have to give up my shared custody of my kids to my ex. Their response was I should just take the job and just let her 'watch them'. That's not how it works anymore. I actually had to explain to them my ex and I are no longer friends and do not communicate like we once did and there is no her 'just watching after the kids' anymore while I go make money. We are no longer married. I actually had to explain to them that taking the job would entail me having to give up my overnights with my kids to my ex because there are no child care options at 6am in the morning. I actually had to explain to them that I would have to pay her more than double in child support (and taxes) if I took the job and I would only see my kids 2-4 days out of the month. They don't seem to understand that my kids are my priority post-divorce and not money any more. They don't seem to understand that I would rather go without eating for 3 days in order to be able to feed my kids when I have them with me than to take a higher paying job and never see them in order not to struggle. They don't seem to understand that my struggle is actually a sacrifice so that I can see my kids faces while they sleep in their beds at night and wake up next to them in the morning after they have a bad dream. They just don't seem to understand divorce. But I know the people in this subreddit do. Because we are the ones living it. And together we're all gonna make it out of here alive.
hurting so muchbeen married for almost 25yrs we have 4 kids and a grandughter we are raising we have 13yr 7yr and 1yr at home..he hasnt worked in a long time and i have either hes on soc security for a disabilty BUT he has cheated on me so many times a lot i know about and im certain theres a lot i dont...I dont like sex but would you if your partner just pleased himself and didnt want to help you?!? ive tried talking to him nothing has worked..hes very controlling also doenst want me going shopping or to walmart even if i take 3 kids with me ....e gets mad if i help out two oldest kids 24 and 21 whioch my daughter is a mess i dont help her a lot but i do make sure she has food she is now homeless getting evicted from her apartment i have custody of our grandaughter because she so unstable...my husband is messing my 7yr daughter up by bringing her into our arguments like she is his therapists ive begged him to stop told him hes warping her little brain he doesnt care...we live in a mobile home that we paid for and i dont have anywhere to go...and i dont want to move....this is my home it sits on his parents property so that is going to be fun...we have a second mobile home that my oldest son has been staying in giving us rent 100 a month lol to stay there and paying his utilities etc my husband wants to throw him out so he can have that place we were going to give it my son and now he is throwing him out!! he could move in with his parents they need help they are elderly depend on us to drive them etc i care for his parents i feel like im losing everything i will not have anyone except my children my parents are gone....my brothers and sistersthe ones that i could go to for emotional support they are passed away....he wont let me sleep at night waking me up being a jerk talking about how he cant cook etc but he can cook enough to survive he wants me to be like a 1950 housewife...except he isnt a good husband he never wants to just watch tv with me or go to the movies or dinner with me he only wants sex from me and when i confront him about it he denies it and says im lying that he does want those things so we try to watch a movie together and he gets mad if i dont wanna have sex i want someone to hold me play with my hair touch me with our geoping my ass and tits etc i want to feel valued for more than my body i guess im sorry for rambling im just hurting so bad trying to figure out what to do hes offered to live here and live seperate lives lol i guess he would like that ne cooking cleaning for him while he goes out with other women but if he treats them like me they will run ....OH and i give him all the left over miney after bills and dont ask for any back maybe $1 here and there for break for the kids for school i have been using my credit card to buy food for us he wont give me money for anything,,,,so now i have a huge mountain of debt and hes debt free i feel so shitty i wish i had help my mom would be nice id crawl in her lap and never leave
I hate my lifeI remember I only had two more months of high school left  and my psycho  special ed teacher  had  bias against me  she called her super attended on me because I did a follow Direction When I stay in my bedroom and I look out at the window and it's past afternoon and it's sunny and beautiful outside, I feel terrible and think shit I gotta do something, it's such a beautiful and perfect day and I'm wasting it, I won't have this gold opportunity forever. Then because I'm feeling guilty I try to go out and do something, but then I'm all alone, start to feel like shit, low self-esteem, nothing really happens or change, and then I think, "oh well, now I just wanna go home", and so I go back home, repeat over and over, day after day, and each day hoping that I'll figure out how to break this cycle.Hello I graduate high school a year ago and I was in special education all I can say is a teacher that I had was very very rude and very racist to they have no respect for any white students disabled students and I live in a small neighborhood and they didn't give me support or any advice to help me to continue my education my special ed teacher was an asshole I'm sorry to say this but he was the biggest fuckface ever ever since I graduate in my life has been shit I'm 22 years old and, staying home with my dad and mom and I was in special education for a long time since I was a kid and 6 years being in high school the teachers are very rude and they have no respect at all the very nasty to non-white students I was treated like a fucking animal when I was in special education all we ever did and I'm going to be honest with you all we ever did was second grade reading level and they refused to help me to catch up my grades by the time I graduate high school I was still doing second grade reading books the school that the only care about the athlete I gets so mad when I start to talk about. My life my mom and dad dose not give a shit at all she have a good time her and my brother always treat me like shit my mom get so fucking mad she always telling me I can't take a off from work just for you keep on complaining about your life bitch it not my fault iam mentally disabled I hate staying home doing nothing fuck society I cry every day before I go to sleep I never fuck before never have sex I don't do drugs and this how I get treated like a piece of shit and fuck special education I send so many emails to my fucking special education teachers telling them my situation and how I feel this fucking ignore my email blocked me on social media and they didn't give a shit about me in my opinion they only care about the only paycheck my life has been fucked by the school system I went to the Community Center the disability College Department in my hometown they told me since I have ADHD and many multiple disability I cannot continue my education because I failed a fucking test there give me iam so fucking mad my mom gets so mad at me when I'm started to talk about my life she's always telling me I can't stay home for one minute listen you to complain I blame her for everything I've been home she is the reason why I'm staying home she always telling my brother I care about you I have no job I have nothing in life social workers are not doing shit for me this is the 16th time I change my social worker and all they do is just signing paper She believed everything what the special education teachers have to say she'd never in her life believe me and this is what I'm so fucking mad I have seen so many special ed teachers lie about me She is the type of person only care about her situation and no one else she gets very mad at me when I'm started hey can you help me talk to someone that you know to help me find me a job and she's always lying to a friend saying he's working a good job which by the way is bullshit so she doesn't embarrass herself from her friends I have no friends at all my sister is having so much fun she haveing a great time this world is fucking evil I have no friends at all my special education teachers did did not help me at all all I have been doing is staying home doing nothing my special education teacher told me that iam I am actually disabled by the time I graduate high school none of the human and that fucking high dips hit teachers care about me very sad staying home and not doing nothing in your life it's very sad that you can't drive a vehicle because you can't read at least I need 40 years to get my education back and my reading book the third grade reading level they put me in that shit whole program for a long time All throughout my entire K-12 education I was always put in the fucking retard classes because I had a speech disability. I could function fine and do my work but they put me in those stupid fucking babysitter classes because they wanted their school to seem like they were inclusive. Those fucking classes ruined everything. Instead of taking some classes that I wanted I got to sit next to the other autistic kids and fucking do elementary shit even in fucking high school. I wasn't a fucking retard but they treated me like one anyways and had one of those goddamn minimum wage piece of shit helper teachers follow me around everywhere.I was bullied and made fun of the ENTIRE TIME I WAS AT SCHOOL. Everybody ignored me or joked about me or straight-up just insulted me every fucking day I always eat lunch by myself and my special ed teachers was always telling me to socialize that's the problem I do socialize but I'm with made fun of I was bullied one time I got beat up and punch in the face at the school bus stop they called in my special ed teacher and I know he was being paid to shut upI've been out of school for a year now and my life is still fucked up because of all that.there Treat you like an animal and plus there dont care about you They put me in special-education because of my speech problem as well and I have a low GPA I know how you feel the teachers they don’t care about us and your correct i’m not saying all special ed teachers a bad there are good teachers who actually care about disable students I know how you feel it’s very sad I feel so mad and angry when people don’t understand me I also got rejected in college because I have a low GPA I also was bullied in high school too and I know how you feel I wonder what you been up to now I hope everything is good with you I understand your pain seriously thank God I’m not the only one who is also complaining about the special ed it really destroys you when you're sitting home and doing nothing and you blame yourself and you blame your demons for not helping you you can't forget about social workers the social workers that the disability people give me or not doing shit for me this is a 16 time that they give me a social worker and she's not doing nothing she's a fucking lesbian piece of shit and I'm sick of tire changing social workers and when you realize that you have no friends no Society nothing because you are a loser fucked school system fuck everyone
After four years. You see, I knew who she was seeing, but all I had was conjecture. Enough to leave her but there was so much missing information.. and she finally revealed it. Before her confession, our conversation was nice, positive and cheery. The moment she said, “ask me anything”. I felt like I was given a key access to her mind. But a dangerous one at that. I said I didn’t want to know details. I knew better. But I had just a couple key questions: When was the first time? And how many times? I knew I was gonna get punched in the gut again but I proceeded, wanting to know the last page of this terrible story. As she spoke, she said "you're not gonna like this", then, I fell back quiet. The mood changed into a dark solemn state as I teleported myself to those days of torture, humiliation, and devastation. So, it turns out that she had an affair with two guys, one after another, and slept with them multiple times. I was shocked. I knew it. Fucking knew it. My gut never lied. All this time, I thought it was one person. One person. One. I thought that after this time, I could handle this information but it wounded me again. I stayed quiet for a while. Then, I just thanked her for her candor honesty. I had to go. We ended our conversation.
Could Functional Medicine be the Key Medical Treatment You’ve Been Looking for your Entire Life?If you’re like most of the people working and living in LA, you wake up after too little sleep, you skip breakfast to opt for the gym before driving through traffic and working an 8-10 hour workday, coffee dripping through you like an IV instead of a proper healthy lunch, and dinner is perhaps your first real meal of the day and even that is eaten at 8 instead of 6, then you go to bed around 1am or later, because you’re stressed, uncomfortable, or something else is bothering you, but you just don’t know what and why.  The next day is the same and repeat, repeat, repeat until one day you look in the mirror and you’ve got your first patch of gray hair, dried crusty skin, extra 20 pounds around the waist and deep facial wrinkles that make you look worried all the time.  It can even lead to depression, migraines, insomnia and other problems that make you want to scream.
After high school = jobless for 6 years, went to the army because it’s mandatory for 9 months on my country, stopped everything related to well-being, became depressed, couldn’t handle the people on the environment because I thought everyone was mindless and not a good person inside. After the army, I engaged on gaming for countless hours, I went to study programming but this specific school had no future. I completely ignored it. Switched to major psychology on a university. All went well in the beginning but then I ignored it once again since I was living with myself and had no control of myself and I didn’t discipline myself. I lost 1 year because of that. Then I passed the module. My relationship was toxic as hell, I lost the confidence with myself and gradually I became anti-social. I feel very awkward in social situations with people I do not know and I was the entire opposite a few years back. I keep many things for myself since I was betrayed by people around me. I feel very lonely nowadays. I lost my best friends but unfortunately it was not my fault. I wish none of that happened. My ex best friend A has a demeanor of a child. He has been very supportive throughout our friendship but he lost his father. I was there for him but since then he has been raging on me over meaningless matters. He always tries to belittle me. He knows I would do nothing to retaliate from his actions, he understands that he is on the wrong but he still does it. My ex best friend D is a sociopath with feelings of grandeur. He belittles everyone, mocking the girls around him, mocking his friends. He wants others close to him to do his bidding. He is a racist thinking that a white privilege exists and should be enforced on the world. He thinks so high of himself that he doesn’t take the time to criticize his actions and words or even see how others are feeling and why they act the way they do. He thinks he is God Almighty. Another ex best friend of mine called G is literally a psychopath. He had me as a friend over the years just to exploit being with a “good” person and feel like normal only to toss me on the garbage once he left where we lived to exploit his family which is rich. My ex girlfriend  of 2 years was an angel. On our first month. Later on she started being Over jealous of everyone, even my friends. Luckily, she doesn’t have feelings of grandeur but she has so many problems that one can’t even handle them. She is afraid of death, afraid of talking anything in regards to science, afraid of people around her, afraid of the entire world. She things everyone is a bad person. She is very depressed. I have been there for her through our entire time together. It is not her fault but since then, she fed me only with sorrow. She started fighting with me everyday, throwing tantrums for unimportant things 2,3 times a day. And still, I was by her side the entire time. But then I couldn’t take it anymore and I told her that it’s over. A few months later, she started messaging me. Being the sensitive and protective idiot that I think I am, I returned by her side but not as her boyfriend. Only as a close friend. We meet from time to time, and talk with each other almost everyday. She still is depressed, talking about how bad the world is. My father doesn’t love me, he never said “good job” in my entire life. He is unemotional. My mother does, but unfortunately I can’t talk with her over complicated matters. I have a brother, around 12, which plays games every day through his day, and has sociopathic traits. We cannot communicate. I do not believe in Jesus or a deity to guide me in life. I see all the injustice on our society, and why a person wants to overcome the fear of death by believing. But i do believe in Buddhist teachings. Which i stopped following because of the way i feel. You may think i am exaggerating but i am trying to be bold and stay true to what i say. The thing is, that i was happy a few years back, ignoring the bad things, focusing on the good things with a clear goal in mind. Help others find happiness. Now i feel that i shattered my dream. Lately, I am surrounded by feelings of worthlessness, depression, and suicidal ideation. I truly have no one around me. I have been trying to keep my depression a secret from the ones close to me. I have been spending my time on things like anime, series and gaming just so I can get my mind off of real life. I fell so bad about who i am and what i have achieved, which is nothing. I feel like I will fail university again. I daydream a lot. Being away from the capitalistic society which markets the way of life i despise, living peacefully on nature, providing on a community living outside the norms, peacefully, or even to become a Buddhist monk. But I don’t know where to start, where to continue the path of my life, how to act.  I truly feel, on the western society everyone is faking their friendship and attitude. I am 24 and i feel i lost a portion of my life. I feel like i am frozen. I fell it's too late. I feel like i don't have a sense of purpose, a sense of belonging.
Lmao im at this point again.Let's be honest people fucking suck... I hate trying to communicate with people and trying to bond. When I was pretty young I had this feeling. It's was apparently due to my depression and social anxiety. But honestly I've been at the point of nothingness countless times. I had to make this stupid fucking throw-away because people that care about me for whatever fucking reason follow my main account. I've never really vented this feeling. I'm to scared to talk to a psych because to be honest I'm a just a dark piece of shit that loves to talk down about myself for jokes and humor. I dropped out of middle School because I wanted put my mind in a state of, either kill the bully bitch or myself. I told my mother to pull me out of school. So I'm a middle school drop out. Hey! I'm probably the fucking first. It's fuck pathetic. And to be honest I regret it so much. I'd go back and just take the bullying like a normal human being cause the person I am now is just straight pathetic. I get emotional over the most stupid thing cause I didnt have a social life really early on. I just sit on Xbox all day and play game thinking one day I'll be a professional one day and actually achieve my dream and compete. LMAO nice joke. I'll never make it that far. And what makes you think I could handle the hate I get with that kind of Fame. If I even achieve it. I just want to not exist. But after coming so close to death twice I am to much of bitch to put myself in that situation again. So honestly you don't have to do anything extreme and look for me. I'm a bitch so it won't happen. I just love the pain that comes with just feeling like I'm nothing. Life fucking sucks.
"The so-called ‘psychotically depressed’ person who tries to kill herself doesn't do so out of quote ‘hopelessness’ or any abstract conviction that life's assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire's flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It's not desiring the fall; it's terror of the flames. Yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don‘t!’ and ‘Hang on!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You'd have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling."
Feel like everyday is a chore, can anyone relateI don’t know if this is depression or the side effect of my anti-depressant but I feel like shit. I literally dread waking up in the morning and going to bed at night. I hate the vivid dreams and the dread of my constant intrusive thoughts I will wake up too. There is rarely a moment in the day where I feel at peace. All of my family and friends would never know how miserable I am. They all think I seem happy and confident but yet I honestly hate myself. So I started Zoloft three weeks ago and there have been some highs and lows with this medicine. The only thing that really gives me peace of mind is ativan and alcohol. Its my escape. If I have nothing in my system I struggle to feel normal or productive throughout the day. I go to my classes, talk to my friends, go out but at the end of the day im still fucking miserable. Everyday I think about why am I here, what is the point of my life and why every day I feel like this. I used to be a care free person with no worries. Everyday I battle these intrusive existential thoughts and feel literally trapped in my own mind. I feel neurotic about being aware of my own thoughts and conscience. I do not even want to die because I am afraid of death and it gives me the worst anxiety of all yet at the same time it seems like the only escape. Somewhere down the line my life just seems like a nightmare with no real purpose. The moments I feel normal are when I am self medicating and then I feel the rebound anxiety ten fold. What do I do? Is this a sign I should stop to anti depressant or stick it out. I am so tired of not feeling myself and pretending to be happy and normal. Ive talked to my psych and all he does is assure me I am normal and it is anxiety in which the medicine is working to treat.
Why not?I've been in a bad place for a while. Everything I tried to do to help myself just ended up making things work. I work double shifts all the time, so I have no freetime. I'm shit at everything I do; everytime I show somebody a hobby they get better than me in a week. I hate myself. I hate how I look, how I talk, the way I present myself. I tried to ask someone I had feelings for out on a date, because fuck it I'd I get rejected my life isnt going to get worse, and she said yes. Dumped me in 5 days, gave me some bs excuse that's really her saying she doesnt want to date me. My family hates me, never shows interest in anything I do. My "friends" cant hardly stand me, even the ones I'd consider my best friends I'm probably their 5th choice. I ain't talented, I work a dead-end job while I try to save for anything meaningful. History of depression in my family, idk if it was ever diagnosed by I'll take it as a sign that things arent getting better. I don't know what to do and I'm scared if I kill myself I'll have to live out a miserable existence until I die anyways
So mostly since our son was born I have felt completely turned off by him because he doesn't step up. Things were fine until we had a kid, but since then every single bit of his lack of motivation and adult responsibility awareness is making him repulsive to me. Things spiraled from there. He accused me of cheating because I'm not attracted to him anymore (example of one of my big issues with him not accepting personal responsibility). I'm not cheating. I'm just not interested in him. I'm working on my career and on me and being the best parent I can to my son. He went through my phone records and started calling everyone that he didn't know the number and demanded how they know me (some were my coworkers which was highly embarrassing). I struggle with depression and was drinking way too much for a while recently and he was super mean about it, so I have quit and am going to the gym and feeling fantastic which he is now angry about (don't be depressed...wait not like that). He thinks I'm getting all hot to run of with other guys.
Every time i close my eyes and fall to sleep i hope that i do not awake in this world filled with fools. I mean the way that our structure is right now is pathetic... You can't even get any where in life if you dont play the game. The game is pretty much like this you are thrown into a world where unless you follow the steps that everyone follows (School, Work, Bills, Ext.). Then you will utterly be forced into a life of sadness and despair, But if you play the game then only the people sitting on top of the ladder are actually benefiting and having a somewhat good life. Those stuck at the bottom are pretty much stranded there due to the broken society that has been formed. I just wish i could go to a uninhabited island and start anew or create a world of my own. Other than that i have no hope for this planet or anything on it... I hate it, i feel like my true potential will never be unleashed and i'm just another pawn to this FUCKING STUPID chess game.
I have a confession...I think after nearly a year since my wife left I now know why. And it's not for the reasons I previously thought. Or at least I'm pretty sure it's not. You see last year she started working again after being a SAHM raising the kids for 10 years. Partly because she wanted to get into the workforce again but mostly because we were struggling on my income alone. After a little while she seemed to grow more distant. And then eventually cut herself off from having sex with me. At the time and for a long time even up until today I thought that maybe it was because she had grown fond of a male co-worker, namely her new boss. I'd never met him but from the sounds of him he seems quite alpha. And also my wife was joining his company to train as an arborist and she has told me she loves her new job and is passionate about it. As is he. But I digress. My confession is I believe now I had wrongfully convicted her in my mind of wanting to separate from me in effort to explore her options. But I now realize she left me because I wasn't being the man she needed me to be. And I also was verbally abusive towards her. Granted she was quite nasty towards me as well, but I have to own the fact that I was responsible for the choices I made and the words that came out of my mouth and the way I said them. Or rather yelled them at her. While I felt at times that I was the victim, really I could have de-escalted things in most cases rather than giving her reasons to verbally attack me back in her defense. Needless to say, things probably could have been worked out had I not lost my shit a good majority of the times that we argued and we both wanted to be in the right. Neither of us ended up winning, and sadly the kids ended up being affected as a result of our constant bickering. Which leads to why she left. To protect them and herself from me. Not physically but emotionally. Which I am realizing now is still abuse. So the reason she no longer wanted to have sex with me anymore wasn't because someone else better came into her life as I once believed, but rather because I had completely turned her off by a). Not providing for her and the kids like I was before and b). Giving her reason to fear getting pregnant again because I hadn't gotten the surgery she asked me to get and we couldn't afford another kid on the way. So ultimately because I was too caught up in my own insecure paranoid delusions at the time and ended up scaring her with my increasing emotional outbursts and verbal abuse, she left as soon as she could afford it. And now I know why. Because I was being a poor excuse for a husband and treated her like I owned her. Which was wrong. It really is my own fault for not having turned things around when I still had the chance. Life can be unpredictable. But I guess the important thing is to learn from our past mistakes and try not to continue to make them in the future. For as far as I think I have come with dealing with the separation and the upcoming divorce I am soon expecting from her, I realized today I still have more work to do on myself. Not just for myself but for the benefit also of the kids and her and anyone else I may meet down the road.
A little back story on her and why in my note I left in my phone, I flat out blame her and only her. She’s been an alcoholic since I was an infant. In fact she openly admitted to me that she would still drink even when she was pregnant with me. So even as a kid I was used to her constantly taking her frustrations out on me and my sisters. My earliest memories are of when my oldest sister ran away 3 times but each time my dad convinced her to come back. Instead of my mom trying to understand why her child felt that running away and being homeless was a better option, she would beat her and call her an embarrassment to the family. That’s probably why when she graduated high school she took the first offer from an out of state college. Then when our financial situation forced us to be homeless, we moved to a crappy 3 bedroom, roach infested apartment, my second oldest ran away from home too. This time she waited till she was 17 and knew the courts wouldn’t force her to comeback to her. She even tried to save me and told DCF that our mom has been abusive our whole childhoods. When they came with a police officer and an agent from DCF to interview me and find out if that was true. I lied and said no because I didn’t want to leave my father with her, he’s the only parent that me and my siblings get along with to this day. Fast forward to my senior year of high school. I started experimenting with painkillers and alcohol to try and numb myself. I also found comfort in my friends, I would find any excuse to stay at their homes for the day to just not be at mine. Their parents even started noticing I hated going home, one their moms questioned me about it and I opened up to her (or rather my friend told her why I always hung out at their house). She found my mom at work and demanded she stop treating me the way she has, because eventually I would leave like my sisters did and instead of starting a new life, I’d probably just kill myself. My mom took that as the ultimate insult, she got home that night and told me “ok, you let yourself become and embarrassment to your parents. You want to die so bad go ahead and do it.” That night I wrote a suicide note but decided against it.
bucket list before suicideHello My name is Adam Im 23 years old and I work as a truck driver. Honestly ever since I was a young teenager  I always had a deep depression.  i've done a lot of things to try to improve my mood like traveling/living abroad, hobbies pursuing different careers,  religion etc. but honestly no matter what I do I alwats feel depressed.  i've been through seven psychiatrist/therapist  but I've come to the conclusion that therapy is no different than prostitution.  both occupations provide a fee for a service but both people don't give a shit about you.  I tried my very best to meet other people to establish friendships relationships but it seems like everybody only cares about themselves.  all the people that  that I know outside my family either didn't care about me but they use me to their advantage for something that they wanted out of me.  not a single day goes by where I don't think about suicide. When I was 18 I went to the mental ward and afterwords of all the therapy and medication I told myself I'll give myself 5 to 10 years well here I am at 23 so I've come to the conclusion that maybe I could just write a bucket list take about a whole bunch of credit cards and there's title loan places/loan sharks and go out on a 'who ha' adventure  basically doing anything whatever I want to do in life until the money runs off and I'll just die off somewhere.  thank you for reading and I want you share your opinion on this.
So I'm out of town for work, for am extended period of time (which is normal). We're navigating this "separation" the best we can and being very civil smd even friendly. And lots of "I miss you's" and "I don't know what we should do's". But very friendsly. She sent me a text on Thursday asking if my folks would keep the kids for a night. Jokingly asked if she had a date. "Yessss" says she. I've promised myself and her that this will be as amicable as possible. So I told her to give them a call, I'm sure they'd love to have them. (My folks know about the separation, she hasn't been able to tell hers yet). I added in "Just give them an idea of what time you'll be back to get them". I mean, courtesy, people. And she's gone out of town on her misadventures while I'm gone working before and pissed my family off by giving no information, return time, and not being reachable on the phone hours beyond a reasonable "stay the night" deal. So I tell her that and she throws a fit, saying that everyone is just looking for things to hold over her head. Made a huge deal of giving them a ballpark time frame. This is after I assured her they would take the kids, unknowingly so that she could drive 3 hours to pick up her Sancho (since September) popwhen his flight home arrived and spend the day/night/next morning doing whatever it is they do. I don't really think it was respectful for her to do that, especially not to get pissed at me for reminding her of a courtesy. And I think I'm out of line with myself for calling them myself when she was too mad to do it herself.
Along with the fact that I have a very full schedule two days of the week, I belong to a club, am training for a new job, and my classes are very homework heavy. I was fine for the first few weeks, but something happened last Wednesday (week 5) where I just broke and shut down for the rest of the week. I didn't do any homework that I didn't absolutely have to do, and Sunday night as I was doing all the homework I should've done throughout the week, I felt like I was going to break down crying. I know I should've managed my work better, and I'm usually pretty good at that, but I just feel so exhausted now. I skipped all of my classes today (Monday) except one, because we were doing group work. I woke up for my nine am class and then immediately shut off my alarm and sunk back into bed, I just couldn't find it in myself to wake up. My boyfriend was worried because I had already missed two days of classes because I got my wisdom teeth out, and he knew that my professors are very strict about attendance and I shouldn't be skipping anymore, but luckily he didn't push it because there was no way I was getting out of bed this morning. I slept until noon.
about 12 years ago, while I was pregnant with our child, my father suddenly pasted away. It hit me super hard, after given birth, I never really mourned and fell into a very deep depression. I did a LOT of drinking and my husband and I got into fights  (We were young) and ultimately, one night I stepped over the line and DCFS was involved and our child was taken away from us for short period. We were both a mess during that time, young and definitely stupid. He comes from a wealthier family than I, and his parents helped us a lot to get back on our feet.  Things were okay until fast forward to about 4 years ago, my husband was arrested in our home. He didn't necessarily hurt someone or commit a crime, a mistake caused the SWAT team to come to our house and we dealt with a house raid along with his arrest. We lived in a quiet and affluent neighborhood apartment then. Honestly, life was great- our family was at our happiest from what I can remember. Of course after causing such a scene, we were evicted.
Both of my kiddos tell me to go kill myself.I am a single mom by choice of a 14 year old and 7 year old with Autism for 7 + years.  I love them more than anything. I struggle financially  but I always put their needs before my own.  They are loved and taken care of.  They are the only good part of my life. I don't have family...separated myself from dysfunction long ago. I have a master degree and am in a helping position at a high school.  Last year I experienced  my first loss of a 14 year old boy to suicide and I had never grieved a loss so deeply.  My children remember the day I got the phone call.  These kids are like my family away from home.  On Monday I was faced with another 14 year old child that has also died by suicide.  My heart is breaking...I am reliving pain...I am consoling teachers and our kids.  I am in the helping role.  Kids feel safe with me telling me their stories and I know this is what my calling has always been.  We do family counseling to cope with autism in our home.  But I come home feeling so sad and have no room to hear my 14 year old put down my 7 year old. I know how fragile emotions can be.  So I talk to her about aggression and us needing to feel safe emotionally at home.  She says she is going to slit the dogs throat out of anger...i again confront it...she continues to the point that I am almost in tears. It hurts....I don't want my daughter to be so angry and feeling entitled with no empathy.  She acts out when she is told no....ni she cannot have money to go to a football game the next night because she isn't respectful and behaving like a part of our family.  She begins to mock me...ohhhhh I am soooooi sad....ohhhh.....someone killed themself.......how pathetic she says... and follows it up with well you are the one who chose this field... and it went on.  I told her she was being a bully...and she laughs and mocks more.  I shut down
I stress myself out so much that about a third of my hair has gone grey at 26. Over the years I have smoked cannabis everyday. I used to work in an office, and I would get home, have tea, and go out on my own in my car. I would smoke weed and browse my phone from about 8 til 10-11 and then go home to bed. I would get stoned so I wasn't worried about being lonely. As long as I was stoned I was fine, in my own little world with nothing to worry about. Often I would sleep in my clothes on a bed with junk on it. I don't know why. You can call it laziness, that I couldn't be bothered to remove things from my bed. But I feel like it was that I was so alone and so stressed, that sleeping on something lumpy really didn't bother me enough to move it. I did this every night for about 3 years and my parents never asked where I was going or what I was doing. That upsets me. I wonder if they knew what I was doing and so didn't bother to ask. Or maybe they just assumed I am going out with friends and having a good time. I've never spoke to them about it. It's too late. I've suffered since about 17-18. If I mention it now it seems silly, a lie even. I feel like they will be very angry with me if I come clean about everything. I have maxed out a credit card in the last month because I am also addicted to gambling. I am not paying rent at the moment because of lack of income, however I am OK to gamble? The reality is I keep thinking something is a sure thing, betting a wedge on it and then losing the money putting me even further in debt. This then means I have to bet more to get back the money I lost. I have only managed to stop because I have no more money to bet with, although I have another credit card on the way. The interest fees are horrendous but I have no choice, my parents cannot know how much debt I am in.
Lost "The one", did not recognise she was "The One" in time, and it's entirely my fault!I am 30 years old. And 5"3' guy. It took 6 years to find her. When I started dating her, I didn't think she is the one. Because I was focused on finding someone who is attractive. She wasn't attractive to me at all but not repulsive either. What made me interested at first and this was the reason I've agreed to meet her at the first place is that she was extremely tall (like 6 foot) and I am short. During the relationship I found out she had a great personality (minus some medium size issues I thought I could live with if she were pretty), and I knew that, and yet, I thought I would only love her if she would be attractive, at least a bit! So I made her do things to improve it. That backfired as she didn't want to alter her physique for me and wanted to stay the way she is and to be accepted and loved the way she is. As I remained focused on that and bitter that she didn't want to make adjustments in my direction, we ended the relationship because of continuous fights over this matter.
3 days into separation. Moved out and feeling peace for the first timeJust wanted to say I'm experiencing what feels like my first 'good day'. I still feel shitty but it's the first time in months where I don't look at something my STBXW and I used to share or enjoy together and feel heartache. It's starting to just feel like it is what it is. I don't look forward to the future yet but for the first time I'm starting to understand what it feels like to just exist as me and be okay with that. I've been going to the gym and working my ass off, doing everything I can from a manual perspective to just get my mind of things (dishes, organizing, cleaning, grooming, etc.). I have this huge exam coming up and I've finally been able to study without my mind wandering back to her and feeling in the pits of despair. I don't know what the future looks like but I'm starting to feel like it doesn't matter and I'll be okay. I still don't want this divorce but there's nothing more I can do.
 I've been attempting suicide for almost 10 years now, it started in my mid-teens. I OD'ed on my meds (lithium, cymbalta, and abilify to name a few) as soon as I got to my mother's house, the method I've chosen time and time again but it never works. Lithium is newish for me, I was really expecting it to shut me down completely but I just ended up puking and having really bad diarrhea for a few days. And now I know, I've been affecting my younger brother (21). I try to keep to myself in my mother's guest bedroom and not let it hurt him but it does. I tried to break into his gun safe last night when he was away because I know it's a surefire (haha) way to die. I want to wrap a blanket around my head so it doesn't make too much of a mess for my mother or the police to clean. I've considered hanging, but I just want my mother to find me dead in my bed. I want to go out honorably and quietly, preferably in my sleep. I've been drinking a lot, hoping I just won't wake up. I was groomed and abused for most of my teenhood and the memories, and now this breakup with someone who promised would never leave me, are too much to bear. Therapy and medication do fuck all, I know I need to do this. And please don't do the "well if being suicidal is affecting your brother, imagine how your death will" talk, I need to eject myself from this family so I stop hurting them permanently.
I don’t wanna hurt myself but I feel as if there’s no other option. I’ve never feared anything, not even death. I’ve never felt challenged. I’ve never felt there’s anything I can’t do. I just feel as if there’s nothing here for me. The only thing I’ve ever questioned in life is what happens after death. The one thing no one knows the true answer to. I’m glad I’m finally getting the once in a lifetime opportunity to figure it out. Everything good that comes to me is taken away. Everything is temporary. The only thing certain in life is death. I guess I’m writing this to let you know that while yes, I am a disturbed and sad kid, there’s nothing that could have been done. I’m a smart kid, I can recognize what’s wrong with me, I know I have a problem, so I know that there are solutions. Yet I have chosen the permanent solution to the temporary problem. No one can change me. Only I can change myself. It’s always been that way. Sometimes I feel as if I’m in this world in the background. I’m in third person. I can see everything from above as if it was a video game. I can see everything in my head. The past, the present, the future. Every time I sleep it’s as if I’m awake. I can see and hear everything around me in third person from above. I can see my sleeping body. It’s as if I’m already dead. There’s nothing here for me, not even myself. I’m already dead. I keep it all to myself because I hate worrying others. It’s not your fault. There was never anything you could have done. Just let me fade away like a memory. Don’t even remember me.
Need adviceMy husband and I just aren't happy together. We have different philosophies on life and totally different levels of drive and motivation. I'm constantly stuck waiting for him to get his ass in gear every single day from the simplest things like getting out of bed to getting necessary things done as a member of a 2 working parent household. I travel for work, I work my ass off, I'm working on a Master's and I take my son to gymnastics once a week, do most of the cooking/cleaning/laundry, all of the orchestrating of daily life, and he's just slow, unmotivated and absolutely helpless/blames everyone else for his issues. Recently he told me he had no money in his bank account, but he called off for no reason a day last week. Like sorry, money doesn't magically appear. Most of my money goes to paying all the bills, he's responsible for water and trash to basically keep him with some fiscal responsibility for the house hold. I'm 30, he's 43 and our son is 2.
Want to suicide badly but afraid of how my mom will live onI'm an 18 yr old and I think that suicide is the inevitable path for me. I have tried to get better and have shown progress but I still really want to kill myself. I hate myself so much and there's been a lot of things I've done wrong that I feel can only be made up if I end my life. If I were left alone, I would have done it already but what stopped me most as of recently is the local gun stores not taking transfers and since I'm 18 I can't really just walk up in the store and buy a gun right away. But my mother deals with several health issues including chronic pain due to her degenerating spine, she's so fucking strong so sometimes I feel like my death won't matter much to her but I know she also loves me very much, and I too love her so very much. But I feel like everything would be better if I just ended it, and I really wanna end it soon before the school year ends to make an impact on the community, I don't want to die if nobody gives a shit. There's only 21 days left so I'm really running out of time. I'm afraid my mom is gonna be struggling so much without me there to help. Sometimes we have arguments and then I get into that mood that tells me that I should just forget about how she feels, she pissed me off so if I die I won't have to be pissed anymore. I'm already certain I will kill myself and I especially wanna do it before the school year ends. I have fantasies about being like the only kid not walking during graduation and then the whole school being in shock cause I'm dead.
Feeling TrappedI've felt this way for months now. My mind won't shut off, it just keeps reminding me of shit I forgot to do at work that I could get in trouble for. I took a new job about 3 months ago and I feel like it was a big mistake. I was lied to about the job in my interview. I was told it was a 8-5 job Mon-Friday but its more like a 50+ hour a week job and will involve working Saturdays just to keep up. They said they would train me but they just threw me in the middle of everything. The job is much more fast paced than I had thought and I get called out at work in front of everyone of stuff I forgot to do on almost a daily basis. My heart is constantly racing while I'm at work. I am trying to find another job but no one is getting back to me. My job history is horrible. I have a wife and kid and a bunch of debt. My wife is stressed out now because of our situation and she is having panic attacks. She says she loves me but brings up getting divorced. I feel like a loser husband and the world is collapsing around me. I find it hard to eat and sleep. I even have nightmares about messing up badly at work. I am beginning to have chest pains. I wish i could just leave my job but I can't. I'll keep looking for another job but i feel like there is no way out.
I don't understand, everything sucksWe've been internet best friends for 2 years now and we've known each other for almost 4 years yet she just suddenly cut me off. And I don't understand why and it makes me feel super awful. Since she has an unstable life I thought that maybe it was just that she was going thru a bad phase but she actually blocked me on instagram and has been doing fine during those whole three months and she even blocked me on whatsapp. Even yesterday it was her birthday so I texted her on hangouts (the only way left for me to reach out to her) and she hasn't replied. It really hurts me because, when I was badly depressed and isolated, we started talking and she became the only reason why I would wake up everyday and keep my miserable self alive. She was the only social contact I had and she's always seemed to be really attached to me like, she wouldn't have wasted 2 years of her life talking to me if she really found me unintersting. She even wzs the one who initiated that friendship. At the time she was just an aquaintance and suddenly having someone being genuinely interested in me was so great. Yet she just, cut me off. Without no explanation. Now my self-esteem is so low I feel like it's not even worth trying to make friends again. It has always failed irl, failed online too. But it just makes me too sad to be so lonely everyday having no one to talk to except another online friend I have but who keeps getting angry at me for petty stuff and who is just making me feel guilty about myself. Now I have those dark thoughts again and I hate it. Plus this crap Prozac doesn't work and my doctor doesn't want to change antidepressants instead she doubled the dose... ha... whatever...
I'm a 26 year old male living in the UK and since I was a teenager I've suffered from depression. I think I may have some overlying mental health issue but have never had it checked out. I go from extreme emotion to another. From on-top of the world one moment to the sky is falling the next. I think I've messed my life up. I feel like I have made irreversible decisions throughout my life that have guided me towards the worst possible path. I feel like somewhere along the path of life I made a wrong turn, and have ended up where I am now with no way of turning back. I don't have any friends, and I am very distant with my family. I never make an effort to socialise, after a while people give up. I was always one of those people that waited for people to get in touch with me. Let other people make plans and I'll be up for it. Over the years people stopped getting in touch though. I don't blame them really. I never made any effort, but I cherished the friendships. They're all gone now though. I always thought that if everyone leaves my life, I'll be fine on my own. My dad has always been a hermit. Lived on his own for his whole life with mental health issues. When I was younger I looked up to him. I guess we try and find things to admire in our parents. I admired that he didn't need anyone's approval, I thought it was cool that he lived like a hermit. I thought that I was destined to become the same, and so subconsciously I did. I still live with my parents at 26, although we barely talk. My bedroom is in the garage (conversion) and I maybe come out for 10-20 minutes each day to speak with my mum if she's home. I find it difficult to enjoy conversations with people. I find myself talking about stupid things, I feel unrelatable. I'm good looking (or so I'm told) but lack social skills. I often have people drum up conversations with me, only to appear disappointed and uninterested as the conversation goes on.
I’ll start with my Grandpa’s death and why it hit me as hard as it did. Everyone dreads the day that a loved one will die, especially when you’re close to the one who finally passes on. I was no different. My Grandpa and Grandma are my neighbors (still live with my parents) and have been my entire life. Being that they lived very close, I saw my Grandpa almost everyday growing up and I like to think that we were close. The day that he died is still burnt into my memory. My Mom woke me and my brothers up, around 7 in the morning and through tears explained that our Grandpa passed away last night. I was numb. I retreated upstairs to my room and didn’t come down for hours. I didn’t cry, I didn’t ask why it happened, I simply shut everything out. The day the funeral came was tough as well. I am the middle child of two brothers and as a lot of people know, men typically have a tough time showing their emotion and I am the same (not trying to stereotype or generalize, I am going by my experiences). My Mom was immediately crying during the ceremony and part way through my eldest brothers bottle erupted and he started to cry, this caused me to let go and finally cry for the death of my grandfather. Sorry for rambling, I guess what I am trying to say is that I don’t think I have fully gotten over his death. It also doesn’t help that my older brother and I, the day after he died had to take over my Grandpa’s responsibilities at his home because my Grandma has really bad arthritis and hoards dogs. Every single day for the past five years I have had to go over to “her” home and help let out the dogs. I have not had a moment to distance myself from his memory and try to work through it because every day I am reminded of him.
I don't think I'm depressed, but I don't feel well and I'm a bit worried about myselfI don't think I'm clinically depressed, and don't think I'd get the diagnosis. But the biggest warning sign for me is that I have extended periods of time where I feel like I'm just waiting for a time where I can decently go to bed just so that I can just be over with the day, and where I wake up and wish the day was over already. Mostly it's because of stress and worries about my future and my own insufficiencies. During these periods of times I generally do nothing all day except watching series that I halfway enjoy, and no matter how exhausted I am I will be unable to sleep for hours once night comes. I have lost my ability to listen to podcasts, somehow, so during the night, there is just nothing for me. I try to read, but once I try to sleep it just never comes. Then finally I drift off, I wake up, and I wish the day was over because I already know that it's going to be wasted, and still I seem completely unable to stop myself from wasting it.
It's a relief when you realize you are not actually mentally ill but it was your ex who was making you crazyI can't even communicate by email with stbxw because  she will turn it into an argument. I've realized the longer I am away from her and the less communication I have with her the more sane I am. She actually started making me question my own mental stability throughout the marriage especially towards the end. The kicker is she would tell me I was mentally ill. So much that I started to believe it myself. It wasn't until after the separation and divorce proceedings and I went to therapy did I learn that I was not mentally ill but was in a seriously toxic relationship. My therapist explained to me that it was more important to save myself rather than to try save the marriage. I just didn't realize that meant accepting that my marriage was so bad that it needed to be over and not saved. It wasn't until after I did the work did I realize just how toxic this woman was and continues to be including her family members. She hasn't done any therapy and still believes she has no faults and that I am still the mentally ill one and it is all my fault the marriage fell apart. She has not admitted any fault and will not apologize for her behaviours. But I have owned my half and still have more work to do on myself to make sure I never end up in a relationship like this one again. I explained to her she can't affect me any longer and that until she does the work required to look at her own faults and learn from this divorce she will only continue to bring the same problems into her next relationship and create the same conflicts, just with someone else in my place (I pity that poor guy). But after 21 years of trying to get her to see her part in it I am free from her now. Now I just need to keep the emails regarding the kids to an absolute minimum and not engage with her in any of the kids' social functions, and I will be sane and happy again. Divorce really can be liberating and in some cases is the only answer.
Staying Up All Night Makes Me Feel Miserable But I Still Do ItI could be okay, but the next minute I'm overthinking and sitting there is absolute agony. Sometimes I don't know why I feel this way. I really do not. When people ask me why I'm depressed, I begin to ask myself in a way, that I feel like I'm being manipulated and don't actually have a reason to be sad at all. It's hard to pinpoint why. But sometimes it's just because of everything; I feel like I don't matter and don't belong - I've never fit in and always felt like I was just *there.* It's weird because you know, even after having all these friends or family that are constantly reassuring you that you're important and loved, you feel the literal opposite. Then I begin pushing them away and resort to isolation. Because isolation 'always' literally helped. But being alone gave me a sense of peace. Feeling *lonely,* however, made me feel like crap. I really feel that I don't have any friends or anyone to connect to. I had no support. This pushed me to my recent attempt.  I was admitted to the psychiatric hospital just this November. To everyone in my family, it was a surprise. They hadn't ever known I felt this way. They never knew about my depression or suicidal ideation. They were so fucking oblivious. They still are. Because of this, I've always believed that my  'depression' wasn't real, because whenever I ever tried to seek support they'd say they all went through a 'depressed phase' and everyone does. I resorted to self harm as a way of validation. I never intended to be this way because I thought it'd be cool or anything. Sometimes I wish I felt genuine happiness or a sort of contentedness with life. I wish that these little spurts of happiness were genuine happiness and not just distraction. I wish I didn't have to distract my mind to feel okay. Sorry for this random post, I just had to vent.
I also seem to suffer from anhedonia, an inability to feel pleasure. If I isolate myself from anything stressful (school, work, etc.) it is possible to feel some pleasure, albeit a small amount. I've been trying to tackle the problem by getting back in to the things that used to give me pleasure (weightlifting was a big one) and then taking on the more stressful things (school and work), but the stressful things seem to outdo any pleasure effects. What really kills me is that my sleep suffers; if I could get 8 hours a night, I would be able to push through without worrying, but for the past 3 nights I've gotten probably 5-6 hours of sleep. I haven't even started school yet, and I don't really work THAT much. So now I'm sitting here typing this post and worrying about stress again. I truthfully don't know what to do, or what in particular causes my chronic stress. I want to live life like normally so I can combat depression and things like that, but then the stress keeps me up. I am seeing a counselor, and hopefully a therapist soon, but I am in the early stages of that.
When my Wife left, my entire understanding of the world changed. The very person I trusted most and sacrificed so much for in my life did not want my love. To be told that you are not good enough by the person you trusted above all to support you in good times and bad is unmerited. It is painful. The grace of my family and friends has shown through. My family who spent many days and nights with me. Just being there to care for me. That is grace. For my friends who check on me. Who call and text with the worst excuses just to make sure that I have someone to talk to, and reassure me of their love. That is grace. For those who I only see on occasion to make sure their handshakes and hugs linger a little longer. That is grace. The offers to help with watching my child when I need some time, the offers to help cook, to help clean, to provide clothes, and any form of support I could think of has been overwhelming. It’s beautiful. It’s painful. It’s joyous and sad.
Does anybody stay up late to have sort of a “second day” that you controlEvery night I stay up as late as I can muster because I know that the second I sleep I have to wake up to the same wash rinse repeat life. I live with 3 other roommates, and once they all fall asleep, and it’s just me, I finally can feel a glimpse of happiness. Whatever I do can’t and won’t hurt anybody (to an extent), so if I were to just die right then and there, no one could stop me. The scariest part is I feel relieved just thinking about it. No matter how hard I try to convince myself not to, the thought just keeps coming back, and it’s gone to the point where the thoughts just don’t stop, and any day at this point might be my last. I’ve attempted suicide but to no use. One of my roommates almost caught me, but he took a right into the bathroom before he saw me attempting to find a knife to slit my wrist. At times I wish he had caught me so I could have someone to talk to, but everything is temporary, so why bother him with needless worry. I have a will ready, my money in an account to divide equally to both family and charity, and next to no wills to live. At first I made all of these things Incase I were to die, but now I realize I made it for when I end myself. I’ve talked to therapist after therapist, but to no avail, pills that don’t work, and friends that just can’t deal with me. The only reason I have roommates is to pay rent so I could afford college. Just writing this makes me relise that whatever this world is, we are all just seconds in the grand scheme of time. If I were to die, all the regret and sorrow cause by me would mean nothing, so if i do end my life, i don’t really feel remorse with anybody I affected. Why worry about me and my death? People die everyday, so don’t single me out because I “touched so many people”. Just get rid of me and move on. Well, that’s all I really have to say, have a good night. Don’t let yourself get as fucked up as me, please enjoy your time here to as much  as you can, cause even though a second is short, sometimes a second is all you need.
I'll be gone in a couple of hoursHey guys, I hope you're all doing well. I'm going to die in a couple of hours and I just want you guys to promise me one thing: Raise more awareness about mental health and reach out to depressed people and help them please, they feel so alone. Also, if you come from a wealthy family, start organisations dedicated to mental health. You can do so much to help the world. As for me, I have lost my battle, and seeing people not care at all makes you more convinced to kill yourself. It's so sad really because I wanted to do so much in this world. I wanted to become a famous guitarist singer songwriter. I've written so many songs I would've loved to share them with the world. And I wanted to change the world and make it a better place once I was successful enough. But maybe in another world. I've been reaching out for help these last few days but literally no one cares. The problem is I wanted to live so bad but I just needed a reason to stay alive and I can't find any, and I wish I could find one. I literally have no one in my life who could help me.   I've become so desperate. Right now death seems so peaceful and calm, and I would love to be peaceful and calm, that's why I'm doing it. I love you all and take care of yourselves and your loved ones. Give love, it won't cost you a thing.
My sons.  Great kids.  Struggling with things and now parents to their own young kids.  Thing is, the way their mother raised them, they have little respect for me, or her, and think we are just incredibly foolish.  More to the point, I miss them.  Not the grown men they are now, but the sweet little kids they once were, who could hug and kiss easily and say "I love you!"  The wife said I should appreciate the men they are, and the gifts of grandchildren they have brought us, and I do... but I miss those little kids terribly.  One of them told me he's been rewatching Star Trek Voyager, and how we used to sneak out to the garage where the TV was to watch it, risking their mother's ire, funny little stuff we did together.  She played an audio tape tonight of them before school, so very young, and I burst into tears.  I miss them.  She says we have the grandchildren, and we do... but I deeply miss those little guys, my little buddies.  They are lost to me.
but I cant help but always get the feeling of relief when I think about killing myself. I really want to do it before my life inevitably goes to shit again like it always does cause I can just never have anything good. I finished college for the summer and after finally getting through the stress and constant anxiety of it. I now have the constant anxiety of finding a job for the summer  I have the interview for the internship but I wont get that. I applied for lidl and if I cant even get the five fucking competency questions right to get past the automatic decline when i worked as a customer assistant for 8 months how the fuck am I meant to do a final stage interview for a big internship. I have had these thoughts before basically all my life and they always reassured me whenever i got to an anxious point or uncertain point in life the thought that it all wont matter in a few years time because youll eventually kill yourself always calmed me down. I think now im finally ready to do it but I don't know how Im scared cause I dont want it to hurt or fail but I know im also going to miss everyone I love so much but I think its best. I dont know what this post was for I just felt like I wanted to type this sorry
That's even the thing that bothers me so much about professional help. I'm literally dying here, dragging my disgusting raggedy corpse out of bed every day is pure agony, I physically cannot even cry any more because I'm so dehydrated from all the crying from the night before, the only reason I get out of bed is to go take a piss after jerking off 14 times a day for the temporary 30-second high of endorphins it gives me that is enough to get me to walk to the fridge and drink some expired orange juice. And a stranger has the audacity to tell me that it's entirely my responsibility to work even harder to save even more money and to seek out a professional therapist to talk to. Do you see what's inherently fucked up about that? It's not the responsibility of indifferent parents who know so little about you that they wouldn't understand 90&#37; of your suicide note if you left them one. It's not the responsibility of the people who treated you like shit, of your friends who haven't noticed anything was wrong in over 6 years and who wouldn't ever even know you were dead because your facebook profile would still be up. There's nobody. It's all you. YOU ALONE are expected to try even harder when you can barely walk, you weigh 15 pounds, your hair is falling out, your teeth are loose, it is your responsibility to seek help.
I'm haven't been diagnosed with depression, I haven't found any help yet. I really don't want to write depressed because I'm not diagnosed, so I don't to offend actually depressed people. I don't know what's wrong with me. I have tons of problems with my mental health, sometimes i'm completely normal, sometimes i'm the most cheerful and upbeat person in the world, and sometimes i'm the saddest person in the universe. I'm not bipolar, I think, I don't get random mood-swings; this switch only happens when I'm hit with something (not literally). I'm not sure if these 3 personalities are like DID. I have never done any types of drugs, drunken alcohol, nor smoked but I feel like I have symptoms of a junkie. I feel like there's something under my skin and I always scratch it. I have no problem with my being skinny, I have random nosebleeds, saliva dripping out of my mouth without me knowing, and I sometimes feel like someone is watching/following me.
Been stressing latelyLately I’ve been stressing over my future career. I know i have time to think about but lately nothing pops in my head that sounds right. Since when i was kid i never really thought of being anything when i grew up, ughhhh its not a big deal but to me its making me more stressed.  Ive thought i could be an artist but I’m not very good even tho friends and family encourages me to keep drawing. I also love reading and have thought of writing books but i think my ideas are boring and to original. Then of course I’ve thought like any other kid to become a songwriter or singer since my family says i have talent. Ive tried writing songs but every time i wish i had a beat to write lyrics to, Rn i am in choir. Sure it may seem I’m a talent artist an singer but I’m not I’m not anything special I’m just another teenager that dreams big but it wont happen. Sorry for being a downer :,( if you can please share some knowledge lol
Can't finish it all now. AMAI (18F) had a fairly normal childhood growing up. I'm the youngest of 5, which allowed me to develop my maturity faster than my peers and other kids my age. I had a nice childhood but I feel that it was short lived. I was always the odd one out in my family, meaning that I was different than the rest of my siblings. From an extremely young age I felt conscious of my actions and overthought everything I did. I have always been very self conscious about my weight, since my mom was always comparing me to my sister and affiliated her success from her skinniness. This manifested over the course of my childhood. My sisters would always make fun of me for being chubby and I remember all of their comments because they scarred me to this day. There were so many societal pressures to look a certain way that I eventually fell victim and this is where shit really goes south. I was 11 when I became bulimic. I was running cross country in the fall and began dropping weight due to the constant running and feared that once the season ended that I would gain all the weight back. I would put eating off for as long as possible and when I did eat, I would immediately throw it up. In the winter, I swam and the weight was still falling off and this continued to the end of the season. By this time I'm 12 and people have commented on my weight loss and I just blame it on getting taller. This bikinis trend continued until I was about 14. There was a period between the age of 13-14 where I was so exhausted from torturing my body that I decided to be happy. But I should've known that it would be short lived. My freshman year of high school came and I was so happy to finally be older. I looked older than my age and acted older too, which attracted the older guys. The winter of that year I fell deeply in love with a senior(17M) that was already in a relationship. He was unhappy with her but wouldn't end the relationship. I was hopelessly in love with him, it was the purest form of love that I had ever felt and my age contributed to the innocence of the love. After about 5 months of staying with this girl and ruining my confidence, my eating disorder developed to an entirely new low. I wanted to whither away, and parallel the emptiness I felt inside due to the unhappiness I felt. Him and I started dating mid April during the end of my freshman year and stayed together until January of my sophomore year.
Done with the rat racePretty much thinking about taking a shitload of drugs and jumping off the bridge tomorrow. Or just telling a hospital and being admitted while I try to figure things out. Although I'd rather not do that because they'll be another bill to add to my ever-increasing debt. I'm flat broke, I live in a van, haven't gotten a good night's rest for 2 months, ration cup noodle, lost a job because for a while I had no means of transportation, my family either can't or won't help (that's reserved for my siblings - who have literally been spoon-fed two Harley Davidson motorcycles, $60k in student loans, a new car, wedding and quarter million dollar house). I'm picking up gigs here and there but it's kind of at the point where I don't see the point in going on. Get to wake up tomorrow to be hungry and poor for the four thousandth day in a row. All the while living in the richest country in the world where I'm bombarded by the assertion that I just don't try hard enough. I can understand the ethical dilemmas around euthanasia because doctors probably feel uncomfortable killing a 26 year old man but I'm starting to wonder why I shouldn't be allowed to have autonomy over my own life and whether or not I want to keep going.
The second thing I want to talk about is dismissive solutions. I LOVE that treatment for mental illness is becoming more socially acceptable. However, it seems like some people think the conversation ends at "Get help." "If only he had gotten help!" "Why didn't he get help?" "Why didn't he dial H-E-L-P on the phone so the Helpers in the Help Van could take him to the Helpatorium?" It is absolutely important to tell people "get help." It is sometimes a little patronizing when it's coming from people who don't understand how hard that is. I've seen this taken to a very nasty place, where people say things like "it's his fault for not getting help. Why should I have sympathy?" If you're struggling with depression, I want to stress that seeking help absolutely should be the most important thing in your life after basic survival necessities. If you've never struggled with depression, I want to stress that seeking help can be MUCH harder than you think it is.
          I parked the car and unbuckled Asuna's seatbelt. She hopped out of the car and closed her door. She was unbelievably intelligent for her age. I walked towards my office with a serious emotion on my face, although it wasn't really effective considering I had Asuna skipping behind me. I grabbed a cup of morning joe from the mini-kitchen and sunk down into my sleek black swivel chair. Time for auto-pilot to begin. "Daddy, when will we see the weird people?". Asuna's voice made me jump in my seat as I was so used to spending the whole day without any social contact in my job. And that was when I made the absolute fucking, worst decision of my life. "Alright sweetie, we'll go.". I slid the single lock on the padded door and entered the room."Asuna, this is Susie." I calmly stated to "Asu". They made their introductions and chatted a bit. Susie wasn't a criminal, she simply had a bad concussion which left her a bit.. erratic. After we bid our goodbyes, we exited the room and I locked the door. Asuna talked to several other patients under my watchful eyes. As we headed back, Asuna asked, "Daddy, go into the last room. I want to say hello to him." And as usual, she got her way. Chills were sent straight up my spine simply by entering the room. Nobody talked to Harry, he was a criminal responsible for a mass-shooting but he was sent here due to him being considered "insane". Asuna and Harry talked casually, everything was normal. But I could see something, behind Harry's bed, on the padded floor. A knife...
I really want to give up.I’m a waste of space. I’m a failure at everything I try to enjoy. I have no outstanding traits about me. I try to be positive. I try to be optimistic about my future. “Time heals, things will get better.” That’s bullshit. It never does. All I ever try to do is make the ones around me happy, I don’t ask anything in return. I try to improve myself through my own hard work in the things I do, I never get any results. All of my peers look like they all have something great ahead of them in life. I don’t see anything but pitch black in my future. I try to do the best thing and try to stay positive. But I can’t anymore. In the end, nothing has changed. I want help, but no one really cares. I’m just going to be told “you might have depression”, “there are people who want to help you”, “go see a doctor”, blah blah blah. Yeah you’re probably right, maybe I am depressed. There’s people who want to help? Like who, the doctor? A therapist? Ofcourse they want to help. After they get paid. They care more about the money in your pocket than your damn feelings. I just don’t care anymore for trying to become better.
What's the point of it all?I was raised in a Christian family. I always believed that no matter what happened everything would be okay, because I would always have heaven and God would always be there for me. But as I've grown up God has been there for me less and less. I feel empty. I constantly wonder why I'm here and if there is any real reason for any of this. How am I supposed to believe something that has never shown itself to me? I know some will say that the whole point is because you can't see. But that doesn't help me. I've been ignoring most of these worries and putting them in the dark corner of my mind. However, recently someone I knew died. Now I can't stop thinking about everything. I can't stop questioning and wondering if any of this has a purpose. What is the reason of life, if there is no God? How are we supposed to even know if there is a God? I keep wondering about my friend, if he's happy right now in some better place of existence. Or if he's just nothing; that he's stopped existing and there is nothing but void and darkness after this. How am I supposed to be happy if there is nothing for me after this.
People are trying to ruin meI was tricked into doing something terrible and the people who tricked me into doing it are threatening to destroy my life with that secret. Now I've been thinking about suicide for a few days and I've been drinking a lot (pineapple lemonade cause alcohol sucks)... I've been isolating myself so I don't do anything wrong (like see them or talk to them) and I am really paranoid and scared of if they spread the secret.... These 2 people have also done terrible stuff to me in the past and those things are pretending to like me (I am lonely so I thought it was legit etc) then later they reveal it was for their entertainment, they also pretended to set me up with another person for me only to fall for it and the get a laugh out of my suffering... For those 2 if you're reading this you have done a lot of damage to me and you make me want to die.. Constantly. I was at a shopping center and I felt like jumping from the 3rd floor to the 1st because I have barely any friends... I'm scared of a bunch of weird stuff and I will never get a girlfriend... I'm also autistic making the whole situation worse for me making me want to die even more because people make fun of me for it
How to accept the endHello first time posting. I am entering a divorce here pretty soon. Married for 10 years with three children under 9. I committed infidelity about 4 years ago and we have moved past and rebuilt our marriage on new grounds and it was great for 2 years. Then things went back to normal... I focused too much on work and didn’t notice the signs of what was happening or what my wife was asking for. She let me know about a month ago that since I didn’t hold up to my end of the new marriage she wanted a divorce. I completely understand her, I know it is my fault. And of course I see it all so clear now.... I’m sure it always goes that way. I worked way too much. I didn’t want to face the problems at home. I tried to distract myself from my filing marriage. Now we are living together still with our children and I’m a wreck. I can’t stop feeling the guilt. I can’t stop feeling the pain. I can’t stop missing her. We don’t really interact much except for when it comes to the kids. She is confident and ready to move forward but I am so emotional and don’t know what I can do. I miss her so much and can’t figure out how to accept it and move on. We are going for a mediation consultation soon. I just can’t figure out how to remain positive... any tips
I am a freshmen in high school, and I haven’t been to school in 3 months.I hated going to school. Everyday I felt as if I was losing my mind. My grades were superb, and I had many emotionally supportive friends. Prior to me telling my mom of how I felt, I would fake sick by saying that I threw up, and when that didn’t work, I would make myself throw up. Eventually, after I admitted to my mom of my condition, I applied for an out-patient program. After a solid month of waiting around, fueling my eating disorder, and sinking countless hours into DOOM, I was finally accepted. I’ve grown up with every advantage. My dad having a well-paying job, and my mom being a smart, kind person. Needless to say, my dad left behind a large amount of money for us before he lost his war with stage four pancreatic cancer. Regardless of my families money, I still feel guilty by spending it. This program was very expensive, and though I felt it was completely necessary for my mental health, I felt guilty. I was recently discharged from the program and was determined to return back to school. I woke up Monday morning feeling just as shitty as I had months ago. I did not attend school that day, nor the rest of the week. Now my mom has suggested that I go to an in-patient program. As the depression follows me regardless of everything I do to stop it, my suicidal thoughts have evolved from passive to active. I’m letting down my entire family, and my grandparents are going to die knowing I’m a failure to my families legacy. The only reason I haven’t committed suicide yet is because I don’t want to cause my mom any more pain. I’m a 6’4”, 205 pound guy, who, to all of my friends, is tough as nails. Now this 6’4”, 205 pound guy is too afraid to leave his bedroom, like a child who fears his first day of preschool.
She doesn't and can't wear her wedding ring without it being re-sized. Over time, due to babies (and maybe not the best diet), the ring doesn't fit. She has never gone to get it re-sized, even though she could have done it for free. Recently I suggested she put it on a necklace and wear it that way, and she did for a few days. The other day I asked her why she was no longer wearing it and she said that it's hard to wear jewelry due to our 15-month old (she wears earrings all the time still) and that once she takes it off for sleeping she forgets to put it back on. She also likes to say that I never cared before whether she was wearing it so she didn't understand why I cared now. Perhaps it's because I'm trying to get us to work on our marriage and show her I care that she wears the ring. I recently put mine back on because I couldn't wear it for a year after hand surgery. I also lost 40 pounds and mine fits like it did the first day I put it back on.
I'll never find someone who loves me for meI've only had one "relationship" ever, it lasted an entire week, and I found out after I was only the rebound for her. Ever since, I've missed the two times that we had been together. Not because I miss her, but I just miss having *someone*, and I hate myself, because despite me trying to find somebody else, I realize that nobody would ever actually like me for me. I'm boring, I'm awkward, I'm not handsome, I'm not muscular, I'm not anything desirable by girls, I'm relatively smart but nobody cares except for when they need help with something, I'm caring for others but nobody thinks anything of me so nobody cares if I care about them, and I shower regularly and wear deodorant, but that's nothing more than "normal", and nobody wants someone average. I just want to know that maybe someone will find me as someone they want to be with, but I've been stuck with the feeling for years now that it's never going to happen.
Finally after a couple months my friends convinced me to go out on a date. It was for dinner and a movie and I was excited and hopeful, but at dinner I started getting a feeling of overwhelming guilt. It got so bad that I ended up not even going to the movie. A week and about a million tears later I was on a therapists couch. I told her everything that had happened starting with the promotion that I got at work. She did not agree with me or with any of the encouragment to divorce that I got. I ended up in her office 2 and sometimes 3 times a week, and the more that I talked to prove that I was right, the more that I started to see how wrong I was. It was truely heartbreaking. I dont know if I cried as much in my whole life as i did in the first month in her office. After about 2 thousand dollars of therapy sessions I learned that my XH had his faults, but I figured out that mine were so much worse. I did so many awful things and said awful things that I wouldnt want to be with me, but he did. I still remember him asking me in the meeting with the lawyer to please not go through with it. I did go through with it though, and then later I bragged on here how great it felt. I was so wrong, and now I can see it.
My dad is threatening usSo recently, my dad just called us and wanted a divorce. He just left and had a good amount of time to plan this. He has a PhD and owns a company my mom works for. He’s very successful. Once he left to go for a 2 week checkup on his mom, it turned into a 4 month vacation for him. He keeps threading my mom with threats of breaking up for the past 3 weeks. He made my mom work for his company and nothing goes to her. He holds her side of the family hostage. As in he’s not giving them the work that my mom did.  She always comes home exhausted and tired. My dad keeps pushing her to do more and she’s given up. My dad keeps taking the profit that my mom makes and sends it to his side of the family, she worked in this company for the money to help her side of the family. He now has the house in his possession and we have nowhere to go. Once he gets here, my mom is legit going to have to find a whole other place to live. What do I do?
Irritated. Annoyed. Mad.It was our week with the kids. OUR WEEK. The day we are supposed to pick up the kids, BM texts BD and says the kids are with their GM. IN A DIFFERENT STATE. That was fine. They love their grandma. BUT IT WAS OUR WEEK. OUR WEEKEND. FRIDAY TO THURSDAY. I'm pissed. She wasn't even there with them. She dumped them off on her mom to go hangout with a new boyfriend. THE 6TH BOYFRIEND WITHIN 2 YEARS. Always dragging these men in and out of the kids life. Them getting attached and no explanation when the men don't come around any more. So, she returns them the day before school. RIGHT WHEN THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO TAKE A BATH AND HAVE DINNER. TOO LATE TO HANGOUT. STRAIGHT TO THE SCHOOL SCHEDULE BUSINESS. They had a good time at their GMs. I love that for them. But, we both finally got the weekend off and made plans to have fun with the kids. WE NEVER GET WEEKENDS OFF. She returned them happy. That's good. That's cool. I love that for them. But, she returned them NOT fed and NOT bathed.
Then my mother got sick again... To this day she still is. My full time job became taking care of her. In the past few weeks she's really made strides. After an infection around her heart, in her blood, and two strokes that woman can walk now. Mind you she can't walk far but it's none the less impressive to me. Unfortunately I'm without a job again, but i don't blame her. Technically I haven't had a real one in almost a decade, but I absolutely need one. I'm in the worst way where I can't even dress for an interview. My old clothes don't fit me, my funds don't exist. I don't know what to do. I don't even remember how to properly find a job. And getting a job I'm happy with? Forget about it. I have to accept a job that doesn't match my intelligence. Yes my mother will get well physically, but mentally she has been recently diagnosed as bipolar. I don't know that it is a life long condition, and if it is why it had not really shown much until recently. Every so often though, she degrades me, excessively. It just adds on to my stress. Today is one of those days. Contrary to my story I've been really active for a while now with daily exercise. I've also changed my diet. I've been trying so hard, but I'm still fat and I have no job. A part of me wants to embrace solitude again. I can't allow it to ever happen again. So everyday now is just a trial. Yet I want release from all the responsibility still. Paying all those damn bills, running errands everyday, being yelled at, trying to find money for clothes so I can show up for an interview, not even knowing ill get a call as I'm apparently radioactive to work places, cooking three meals a day, taking care of my mother... I do it, I don't complain, but it stresses me out. It's just all too much. It's all as listed above and then some. As I've typed on I just found myself unwilling to be thorough and precise in regards to the intricate details because they all pain me so much and make me stressed. At first it felt therapeutic and now it's just painful. So this is where I will leave my word.
Call center stressHi folks of reddit. I'm reaching out today cause of stress in my work place. Background is probably in order. Im 25, worked in call centers all my life. My current role has been a 5 year stint. I work 36 hrs a weeks in a three day stretch. So 12 hr days basically. In my off time I run my own business i started this year and its growing but I can't live off it yet. Probably wont be able to for another year. I enjoy my business and i enjoy working cause I can see work getting done (start a task focus get it done and repeat but it means that I have a work load there is alot to get done but I can actually finish things.) I am struggling with my call center job. I need to be able to handle 1 more year and I'll be self employed. But walking into the building fills me with dread. Regardless of how hard you work there is never signs of appreciation or your work load changing. Working hard just means you get more shoved on your plate. And this is the first job I've had that actually triggers anxiety issues. I need tips trick or advise to help me survive 1 more year. Thank you for all your help.
Sunday we had a huge argument about a lot of things and agreed this really was it. And he went off for most of the day to work out what he was going to do and moves into the guest room. Monday he has a crap day at work and obviously takes it out on me. Barely says 2 words to me and then goes out for the evening. Tuesday night he's all super chatty and nice and even tried to hug me as I was stood cooking dinner. I say try as I pointed out when I tried to hug him at the weekend he wouldn't let me and got mad as it was "all over". Then yesterday morning he was being grumpy and moaned at me because I hadn't arranged for the estate agents to come do a validation of our house. So I spend the day sorting that out. Get home from work and he gets mad at me for booking the appointments and spends the evening guilt tripping me, telling me I had given up on us and all the years we've been together and all the memories we have and that I haven't tried hard enough to make it work and that I pushing him away.
Just your average rantSo my school is having the second play of the year, I made it into the last one but I was just ensemble and this time I wanted a better role. I auditioned and right after I did the song required I stupidly asked is that it, the director and choreographer laughed and I took it as a bad sign so I apologized and told the I was nervous and anxious and now that I think about it that was a stupid thing to do too, they told me I had come a long way since last auditions and not to worry. I worried. I was stressed that I messed up and up until just recently I didn’t know what to expect from the audition. They posted the callback list and as soon as I saw it I was disappointed. I am called back as a few secondary characters in a play with plenty leads and these character have one line each and sometimes no lines at all so I’m basically ensemble again. To top that off I got called back as the same four characters that like 13 girls are going to compete for and one of them is a new girl in school that this was her first audition. I’m a bit jealous and I know I shouldn’t be but I’m not jealous that the new girl got in, it’s a mix of jealousy and disappointment and dissatisfaction in myself. Plus these two guys that I might have a slight crush on are called back for main characters that kiss the leads in the play so I’m a bit mad about that too. Sorry for ranting so much and I might sound like a bitch but I just need some place to rant and this felt like the best place for it since I’m so stressed and mad at myself about this.
Off and OnI haven't been on Reddit for very long. But I found this page on the first day. I read through a few and realized I related to none of them but I will still filled with sadness every day. I just though it was normal at first. Feel sad ever now and again and move on with life. But it became more and more frequent that I would have to lock myself in my room and cry. The more I do this the more I fear that I got my dad's depression genes. He has a neurological disorder where his cells cannot make the proteins and like that cause happiness. If he isn't on his pills there is no way for him to feel the feeling of happiness. And I'm not that bad not by a long shot. But I feel it coming on hard now that I'm older. And my biggest fear is talking to anyone even though I know that's my only way to fix anything. I don't want to ruin the best thing I have. My few friends don't know anything about this nor does my family. This is the first time I'm said anything to anyone. Even if they likely won't respond.
I was waking up at 5 AM and started walking/running first 2 miles, then 3, then 4 miles a day, I changed all the stuff that she said were "bad about me", I clean the house, I did the laundry, I took her on dates, buy her flowers, diamond earrings, cook for her, take care of my girls so she didn't have to do anything, she was happy, she could just relax and play with her phone the whole time (texting with the other guy I later find out, telling him "I love you"), I thought it was working I thought "I got this, I will win her back, she is not that bad? she has treated me like shit most of the 10 years we have been together she has a low libido and can go without sex for 6 months to a year, but I can masturbate like I have been doing for years right? porn is not going anywhere right?, I keep repeating this to myself, to keep fighting for her, for my family for the happiness of my kids, to keep living on the same house with her mom and dad, were my needs were 2nd to everyone else.
I am my worst enemyI'm in 1,070£ in dept. I have a credit card bill due on the 23rd. I just have to pay the minimum of £15 but I don't even have that. I need a job and I am THE most unluckiest person in the world. My friend isn't giving me back the money I borrowed her (£40) but it's not like it will make a difference. I'm at university & have an assignment due Monday but I haven't attended more then 3 classes for the module. And on top of it all my cat is pregnant, 98% of cats can give birth perfectly fine but there was a bit of blood of her vulva and when I went to see the vet yesterday and he asked if I had any major concerns I didn't mention the bleeding. All on google it says cats should never bleed during pregnancy. She should've given  birth this morning it 7:27pm and she still hasn't. She's lying down right now and I'm so scared she'll pass away and if she does pass away I won't know how to live. I got her when I was going through my first  depression (?), it's me and her against the world. I was so scared so I didn't tell the vet. I promised I'll be a responsible owner but I'm so reckless with my money that I didn't get her cat insurance. I've been up all night for the past two nights keeping an eye on her. I'm fat & if I spent my money on my cat instead of going out & "socialising" with people that never text me maybe Maybe I would be in this situation. Everything is my fault. I am my worst enemy.
23 years old, diagnosed last week with stage IV braincancer, 2 months to live..topsLast week I experienced a black out, and woke up at gasstation with an employee hanging over me asking me if I was alright. I remember sitting behind the PC at 10 am, then it was black, then I was at the gasstation at 8pm. I have no recollection of what happened in between. The employee called an ambulance and they picked me up and I was on my way to the hospital. When I got into the hospital I also noticed that I had double vision ever since I woke up, and a huge headache. A CT revealed a tumor in my head the size of a wallnut, and an MRI confirmed it. Pretty fuckin shocked, and I asked what was next. They'd have to run some tests. I just got the results, and the latest MRI shows that the tumor has grown even more at such a rate that I'll be dead by August. It's also spreading through my lymph system, as metastases have been popping up in my liver, colon, and pancreas. There's nothing they can do. I've had headaches before but never thought much of it, and now it's too late. I've been going to college like nothing's wrong, but I don't want to end up like a fucking vegetable, drooling all the fucking place while a nurse has to wipe my ass every time I shit in my bed again. I want to finish it my way. I have no relatives who I'd be leaving behind or anything, and my friends will get over it. I'd rather have them remember me as I'm now then as a drooling meatbag in a hospital bed. I can't think of a single reason not to end it all before I can't even lift my fucking hand anymore. My double vision has been getting worse, the headaches keep me up at night, and I can just feel this fuckin disease spreading through me. I'm pretty shocked at how easy I've accepted it, but then again, I don't have much of a choice. I've only got 1 choice left. Anyone else know anyone who was in a similar situation, and how did they handle it...
My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago.My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago. They were having a fight; she was angry and vindictive like always, they were screaming and arguing at each other. He was fed up with her shit and finally decided to leave her. She called the cops. He got in his car to leave. "He's got a gun" she screams. My cousin puts his hands up. Cops think he's raising a gun and they shoot him 14 times. My cousin is left in a semi comatose state. Over the next couple of weeks the hospital sends us updates of his condition; they claim he's improving rapidly and regaining neural and motor functions. It was all lies, He died in the hospital one week later. The Cops claim he was standing when he pointed a gun at them and they acted in self defense. More lies. The ballistics show that he was sitting in the car when he was shot.  For the longest time I never accepted that he was dead, It just never seemed real to me and For the longest time I have been suppressing my emotions but recently this horrible feeling of dread has been seeping over me. The thought of death or dying sends me into a state of intense anxiety complete with Panic attacks. I cant take this anymore; every time it happens I just think over and over again "Why me"  "Why did things have to be like this" "I wish i never even had these thoughts" I don't want to feel like this anymore. This is no way to live I shouldn't have to feel like this every day. I want to Die. But i cant. It would cause my family too much grief and they would never understand why i did it. The Last thing I want to do is to spread grief to my family. I wish I had never of been born so I would never have to experience these feelings.
Kind of feel hopeless and don't know what to doHi. I'm 24 and finding life a bit difficult at the moment. I graduated from college last July with a Masters, and was prescribed antidepressants that August because I just became hopeless and had no idea what to do with myself. I'd been feeling depressed for a while but kind of distracted myself with study and research, but once that was finished I was just left to my thoughts and it took its toll. I found that they didn't agree with me - I was just a walking zombie with no interests in anything whatsoever- so I went off them. The past year I was working in a horrible retail job because I got rejected from every science job I was qualified for; literally my rejection emails were saying I was qualified and met requirements but they wanted different candidates. I've gotten over 60 rejections from jobs I was qualified for. Luckily, I got accepted into another Masters - one that I had previously applied for before I took the other masters - in a really popular area of science that I know I'll walk into a job, but I just feel like I shouldn't. I'm just feeling hopeless and I've no interest in anything anymore and I don't feel like I deserve to go into this area of research. I kind of feel like I should just go back to retail because I'm hopeless and I'll end up there eventually because I can't find anything and will never be successful. My boyfriend has been helping me a lot - he was on antidepressants for a year and understands what I'm going through as he's currently in a job he hates while he finishes his masters - and I don't want to go back on antidepressants because I don't want to feel that numbness again, but I really don't know what other options I have.
 A few days after I moved into my parents house I checked myself into a psych ward, as I'd seen my bipolar and OCD father do many times, thinking it would be the best thing for me. They proved to be no help they isolated me asked me if I owned a gun and what kind of medication I wanted. No counseling, no therapy, no investigation just isolation followed by the psychiatrist spending 4 minutes talking to me about meds. After I got out I tried doing mindfulness mediation but as I'm staying with my parents, living on the couch, I don't have the space or privacy required. Since I've moved at the beginning of November there has been countless fights. My 19 sister with BPD got pregnant after cheating on her boyfriend, then convinced him it was his until she had a miscarriage then she told him the truth. They stole weed, cigarettes and booze from me. Everything by my actual money lol. All the while mom is in and out of the Dr appointments and surgery planning. She had the first of her tumors removed on my birthday. They thought they got it all but they had to go back in for a second surgery shortly afterwards. She was out of work from November until February and all that time i was providing the sole income for this household of 8, my dad gets disability but it goes straight to pay rent. I'm only a server, I don't really make the money needed for this but regardless the burden was put on my shoulders.
Way too overwhelmed with everythingI can’t seem to grab hold of anything anymore, I am just way too stressed out. My depression is like through the roof lately and I am constantly either angry or stressed out. I’m working two jobs right now and pretty much doing shifts back to back with little breaks in between. My sleep schedule is shit and I hardly have any time to really take care of myself at all. I can’t really go to the doctor and try to take meds (I haven’t ever been on antidepressants before but I have been given like short acting anti anxiety meds and those didn’t really help because I feel like I’m getting most of my stress from constantly hating my fucking life. I can’t go on meds because I literally don’t have TIME to go through crazy mood swings like everyone in my family does when they go on meds). Home life is a mess and I’m kind of the only “good” one who keeps it together so I can’t really have a full blown meltdown (that I feel could happen any minute) because I’m the only stable one while everyone else is too busy losing their shit. My relationship isn’t doing great because we both feel really distant but we don’t have any extra time for each other and we keep pissing each other off. I have school coming in September and I have no idea how I’m gonna pay for it when I really need to save up for a car. Also I’m fucking tired of people telling me to just “relax, take t easy this summer. Travel the world or take an art class” WITH WHAT FUCKING MONEY. I am waayyy too overwhelmed!!!!
It just so happens that I had pancreatitis. Apparently I was more than less close to death. Obviously it was painful, there are no words I can actually use to describe it, but I didn't feel like I was dying. Maybe like someone was dragging nails across my back, slowly tapping one in, and then forcing it down in one stroke with a giant hammer. Again that doesn't do it justice. At any rate I was officially hospitalized. For three weeks I lay immobile in a hospital bed. Every four hours I was allowed dilaudid, at times I was allowed the pain medication every two hours or so. I honestly can't tell you all that what happened while I was in the hospital because I was so heavily medicated that I was usually busy doing just a few things which were mainly being asleep, talking to people who weren't there and not really remembering it, or feeling like I was moving and being someplace I wasn't. Therefore we can skip to the part where I was discharged, met a few doctors a week later, was told I could or could not ever have pancreatitis again, that I should have surgery, and that after that ordeal I just felt like I couldn't and declined.
Created my exit strategyAfter four years of marriage, I am seriously done. I always felt like something was off about marrying him, but it was never one huge thing to make me walk. It was always small things, like him ranting so much about me visiting my parents whom I hadn't seen in 2 years, without him, that my own mother told me she didn't think it was a good idea for me to visit ever again without him. Or him complaining about me spending MY money to fix my car because it meant he couldn't slack with the bill money in order to buy himself more toys. Or him racking up a $2000 drinking bill on our last vacation and then laughing about it to his friends about how I had to pay for it because I 'forced' him to come along when in reality I wanted to go by myself or with my best friend. Anyway, the more I looked at it, I realized I needed to leave. I've been depressed for 8 years and he doesn't care. I've literally cried to him endless times about how I want to work things out by going to marriage counseling, or anything else, and he doesn't care.
I've done everything I could do. I've fought so hard. I've talked to friends he deployed with, and all of them have agreed with me that something is off with him, and that they think he's having a quarter life crisis or breakdown. He got into a lot of trouble while he was deployed. Got caught using inhalints, and got deranked and barred from reinlistment. They're all telling me to be patient, but I can't. I'm trying. He's my best friend, we've been through a lot together. I've tried to tell him that whatever is going on with him that I love him and he's not a disappointment or anything he could be thinking he is. I don't know what else to do. He and I had so many plans. My parents were building us a house for when he got out next year, and my father had a job for him that he was thrilled about doing. He was excited about seeing me again and being back and making plans till the day he said he wants a divorce. He completely blindsided me. I didn't see this coming at all. He still seems like he has feelings for me. When he has tried to text me, and if I don't reply fast enough, he dogs after me and tries to msg me until I reply. He makes depressing posts on Instagram about how he's miserable, then deletes them before people can see.
Stressed, overwhelmed, unmotivated, depressed, you name itI am struggling through my current semester of school. This is semester 4, and up to this point I had a 3.76. That is sure to drop. One class has been brutally difficult and the teacher doesn't seem to care. So I guess I've stopped caring. But then I get stressed over it more when it's time to do the tests. And my not caring has caused a lack of motivation in my other classes too. I am feeling ill over the stress. I feel like I have so many things to do between school and life that I end up thinking how best to accomplish everything and then end up doing nothing. I'm getting lethargic. I'm single and live alone, so it's hard to force motivation for myself (yes, I'm one who needs to be pushed). The more overwhelmed I become, the more unmotivated, then more stressed. I cannot fix the overwhelming level of school work or inability to get the grades I know I can get in other classes, so how the heck am I supposed to fix the steps that come after?
Throughout those years he has been talking to various girls on and off on dating sites - all out of town so I know there wasn’t anything physical. A couple years ago we had a good girlfriend that went to our gym. She was super fun and we kind of became a platonic threesome. Until she started leading my husband on (found out she has a thing for married men and this isn’t the first time it had happened). My husband ended up falling for her. She rejected him. We worked through it.  We were both mourning the loss of our best friend. I ate junk food, apparently he ate a hookers ass instead. Again. We worked through it. I know I’m stupid for all of you reading this. But I honestly just thought he needed time to grow up. We got together so young it seemed like he just needed to sow his wild oats before really settling down and learning to be a husband. Two weeks ago, he didn’t come home after his late job (he drives a bike bar) and I found out he took a random girl out on a date. I was heartbroken. He’s made me feel so crazy over the years and the trust is completely gone.
But the other night...he was trying to get me to sit down and hammer out divorce specifics while I was prepping for a colonoscopy of all things. I told him that I couldn't talk about this right now because I was literally shitting my brains out on the toilet. This triggered him to launch into a rant about how hard HE has it, how he's been miserable in our marriage for years (news to me) and the leukemia was just "bad timing."  How everyone thinks he's a bad person for leaving his sick wife but watching me battle with my own mortality made him realize that he deserves to be happy because you never know what will happen...the only reply to that I could think of was to say "it's okay for you to think that and I understand why you'd think that, but that's really not an appropriate thought to say out loud to me." That made him storm out of the house for most of the night, leaving me to feed and put to bed two children while also still prepping for my colonoscopy...
That life ended once we moved to Townsville. Even further from my father. My father didn’t move with us to Townsville. He’s still outside of Mackay to this day and I see him every 6 - 10 weeks. I finished primary school in Townsville. I made a best friend. She didn’t go to the same high school as me though, i was quite sad. She then moved to Brisbane and we barely talk now. I landed my first boyfriend at the end of year 6. We graduated to high school together until we broke up. He couldn’t take the backlash of social categories. I made a few friends, a major one being a girl. We had sleepovers every weekend but we soon had our fall out as she became popular and moved schools. I was saddened by it. I felt crushed as she made rumours about me. I wasn’t good enough for her and I don’t blame her. I was weird. I had a rough past. Year 8 came along and it wasn’t any different. I went to Bali with my new best friend and it was great. We made lots of hilarious memories we still quote to this day. Her and I went on a cruise at the beginning of this year and she didn’t like it. We had a fight and broke up our friendship. We made up about 3 months ago and we’re better than ever.
To my family..When I tell you I'm in pain, I'm in hell.  When I tell you I hurt, I want to die.  When you yell at me because I'm not able to function like you're used to, it makes me want to kill myself.  When I cannot get out of bed, I'm not being lazy.  No.  After two months, I shouldn't be over it.  Yes, I've been crying.  No, your work problems are not greater than my divorce.  Do they make you want to kill yourself?  Yes, when I hear you are all talking bad about me in how I'm handling this, it makes me want to run away.  No, I do not want to celebrate that she's gone.  Yes, I talked to her again.  I'm sorry that makes you mad.  You've never been through divorce.  Let me tell you about it: it is worse than any job problem I've had, any sickness, any financial trouble, and any other relationship problems I've had all put together in one, big, huge, ball of problems.  My divorce produces feelings that try to bury me.  I am so lonely.  I am in so much pain.  I cry constantly..  I need you..  I need you to love me, not judge me.  Please, please stop telling me that I should just get over this.  "This" isn't something I can just get over.  Yes, I still love her.  I'm sorry that bothers you.  No, I do not hate her because she left me, and probably had an affair.  I am sorry I have let you down with my sorrow, but there's not much I can do about that.  Just love me.  Just listen if I need to talk, and more than anything, stop gossiping about me as though I am able to bear hearing it, as though I am able to know you don't support me, but would rather use me as a target to shoot your lies and exaggerations at.  You are my family.  You are all I have left after she left.  Why hurt me?  Why say bad things about me that aren't true?  I need you.  I need your love and support.  Please be there for me, or maybe, just maybe, you'll never have me again.
I chase relationships and flings and i hate myself for itAt this point it just feels like the only thing that works. I went through a terrible break up in September and since then it's just been this constant series of rebounds and flings. One of my regular friends/fuckbuddies ghosted me recently after a fight and while he doesn't owe me anything he was really I suppose one of the people I could turn to for my quick fix of attention and temporary adoration. Now that's gone. Someone else ghosted me also. Someone I was genuinely interested in and we got along great. I feel extremely alone. I know I shouldn't validate myself through these short term flings that mean nothing- god knows I don't want a relationship either, I'm a terrible person during one and I also know I'm mostly using these short term relationships to feel better about myself and my insecurities and thus aching something inside me. I'm so fucking tired. And so fucking lonely. I don't know what to do. I miss him but that's the thing he wasn't even someone I would ever date. To quote a recent comedy drama,  "he's a hole where a choice should be". And with the other guy well it was alright. He stopped texting he was busy but it's been a while. All I'm doing is binge eating sugar and being an overwrought mess in general because of this numbness inside me. Earlier it was insecurity. Now it's a deep deep melancholia that I keep try to fill with people. Bur it won't go away. Relationships and these flings get in the way of my productivity that's why I wanted to stop. Bur as it's the only thing that sometimes helps I just in really don't fucking know.
Needing a book for my sister-in-law to readTo make a long story short, I’m a gay man. My partner’s sister is getting a divorce. He (edit: her ex-husband) is 700k in debt and can pay her little in alimony even though he is a dentist. He knocked a girl up literally the month after they split and now he is moving in with her. She (edit: my sister-in-law) just found out today the woman is 6 months pregnant (with a baby that may have health issues) and now my sister-in-law has to let her ex tell (or they both tell) their son that his father is going to be the father of someone else’s child too. She was telling my partner (her brother) concerns about her ex-husband being a bad influence on her son when they split custody (doing weed, chewing tobacco, drinking in front of him, etc) as well as setting an example of being reckless. She is also concerned she won’t be the fun parent later in his life and that he’ll want to move in with his dad.
So I could use some help. My ex-spouse and I are trying to get an uncontested divorce. Between the two of us, all our assets are divided, including housing, vehicles, insurance, bank accounts, etc. There was.never any "shared" assets during the entirety of the marriage, and the marriage was less than two years before separating. There are no children. We have also been living apart for the better part of a year, each providing for ourselves. We have signed settlement agreement paperwork stating that neither is pursuing anything from the other, and that the property is already divided. I didn't meet the residency requirements in my state, hence to long wait. My concern is this; our shared residence during the marriage was rented. We did not own a house at the time she moved out. We both lived in Massachusetts, and approximately 4 months after she left the common household, I took a new position in Maryland and purchased a house. Her name is not attached to the property at all.While we both agreed to cut ties, and she is not seeking anything from me, I have significantly more assets than she does. She is fully capable and willing to take care of herself, however I am worried that a judge may see the discrepancy in assets between us. Will a judge force us to divide assets even if she is not seeking?
Feeling like its not going to be okay.Im 24, studying online living just out of a big city and I feel like im not doing anything with my life. Ive just left a supermarket job of 5 years because I dont want that to be my life. I need to do something but i dont know how or what. I want to be a writer or editor for movies but whenever I try do to the work the thoughts of whats required to be successful overwhelms me. I have spent too much money on games, a habit i got into from being young wanting to have all the games but now they dont give me a sense of accomplishment like they used to. Whats the point of living anymore? is it to leave a legacy, create something great? I dont know, I want motivation to go out and try but I am scared to commit while studying. Even studying doesnt make me feel good until i submit each essay required but then i feel guilty i havent started the next one. I dont know how to feel happy in this limbo of waiting for life to begin.
Existential depressionLife in my opinion is not worth the struggle. We are literally born to go to school just so we can get a job that we will most likely hate just to pay bills for the rest of our lives. I don't understand how more people don't think the way I do. I fully believe that money is the key to happiness in today's society. Being financially free and being able to do the things you want in life is the ultimate goal. College is pointless for anything other than being a doctor. Even for engineering most of the classes we take have zero real world application and 9/10 you gain more knowledge in the work force than in college. A college education now a days is meaningless the only thing college does is allow students to pay $100,000 + just to get opportunity from a piece of paper. I'm convinced most people don't actually get smarter in college since its not even about learning anymore its about passing. I just don't see how life is worth is when there are more bad things than good. The burden I feel everyday outweighs the good. Does anyone else feel like this? People try to convince me everyday that there is a reason to live but their words just make me feel worse as I continue to believe that life isn't worth it.
I failed everyoneMy family, friends and everyone who saw anything good in me. I'm so sorry for disappointing so many people. They all expected me to become a good person with a degree, high paying job, family and kids. I dropped out, lost all my friends, have no interests or hobbies. I told my family after I dropped out for the first time, but not the second. I'm still playing pretend. Like everything is all right and I'm going to uni every morning, but I'm not. They know I don't have any friends, that It was unbearable. But they don't know that I cried every single day, self-harmed and was highly suicidal. For some reason I just couldn't go. It feels like something is wrong with me. Not even depression, lots of people get past that. I'm constantly stressed and anxious. I can't sleep and even when I do and am doing relatively ok I'm exhausted. I barely get anything done. I want to start clear but this fatigue kills me. I don't feel anything but exhaustion and stress.
Working out has completely ruined my fucking life and has made me more depressed and miserable than everAbout 6 1/2 months ago. I decided I needed to start taking better care of myself so I started working out regularly. Been fully committed to it 100% ever since and I try my very best and I give me my absolute maximum effort each time I go, but I’m not making any progress at all. The frustration from failing to progress is starting to become way too detrimental to mental health and well-being. Working out has made me so depressed and has turned me into the angriest, most stressed out, frustrated, bitter and resentful person ever. I’m very depressed, stressed out and angry because I’m failing to make any progress and very bitter and resentful because everyone else’s best effort is good enough for them to reach their fitness goals, but mine isn’t. Makes me feel like the universe fucking hates my guts with a burning passion and wants me to be the most miserable person to ever live. I’m struggling horribly in so many aspects of working out and building muscle, but I can’t afford a personal trainer and I don’t have any friends to go with that could actually help me so I’m forced to do this all by myself without any help or guidance at all. I watch videos and talk to people on the forums all the time, but ultimately that does me no good at all because those people in the videos and on the forums can’t be there in person to guide me, point out what I’m doing wrong and show me how to fix it. Should’ve never started working out in the first place, it has been the biggest mistake of my life by far. Who would’ve ever thought that working out could have such strong, negative impact on their live and could be so detrimental to someone’s psychological health and well-being?
Papers signedTonight we signed papers while a woman neither of us had ever met told us she prayed that we’d be back in her office a year from now with a new marriage certificate. Tonight we drank tequila while you were frustrated by the capricious emotions of the 24-year-old woman you left me for. Tonight I wished she would see what she has, while being thankful that I’ve lost it. Tonight you told me you might move to Alaska and I told you I was happy in the arms of two people, not one. Tonight we laughed. And I cried. And I told you I know what I lost, and you validated yourself and I tried to fix you. You played chicken to see if I still wanted to have sex with you, and I did, and even though I know you never would again, I hope it helped you to know that I still see you that way. Tonight I told you that I loved you, and you said you couldn’t do feelings but then held me like you didn’t want to let go, and kissed my cheek and said it back. We will both be okay. We will not be in that office one year from now with a marriage license, but even though our notary’s dreams won’t be fulfilled, I hope that we will both be more whole people than the ones that stood there today. I love you. Whatever blessings the world has to offer, I hope they fall on you.
I'm going to do it soon, and I'm scared.I've never had an easy life. I know everyone has their specific hardships and problems, and I'm not particularly whining, but it's the truth. My parents divorced when I was six months old. My mom was a pill head and my dad was a drinker and a swinger (but also a stern, conservative state trooper). My mom remarried and I lived in a drug-haven; it was a poverty-stricken cess pool of gang violence, domestic violence, and drugs. I got in with a gang, and started smoking crack, dealing dope, and all of that "glamorous thug life" crap. Finally, after being hospitalized from a near overdose on heroin, I changed my life. I moved in with my dad. It was a big change. I was going to a better school, we had more money, I had good people as friends. But home life was too much the same. I was yelled at and hit for no reason, treated unfairly and made to write Bible scripture until my hand went numb. I was locked outside during winter sometimes, and kicked out for weeks. My dad is not a good father.
VentI’ve lost hope for things to get better. Everything is ruined in my life.  I screwed up too many things including my marriage and work. Now I don’t believe in anything. I pray to God but he never answers. I have family and friends who love me but I disconnect all the time. Move away when things got tough. Afraid of death but now trying to seek it out.  I don’t wanna leave my kids behind. But the pain of not seeing them, the loneliness, the lack of people to eat with and be with on a daily basis, having no work and unable to type more than three words, all of this and more has pushed me to the edge. Every day I wake up and think about suicide and I read about it and watch videos. I just don’t want to be here but I’m afraid to do it the wrong way and fail. I pray for a miracle today, something when I know God loves me and that things change in a positive way. Even if it is just my brain and attitude. I don’t wanna be here and I don’t want to move forward the way things are.
Can women be as lonely as men?I'm a male, 38 from Sheffield in England and have suffered with chronic long term anxiety, loneliness and depression for over 15 years. I've lived on my own since I was 23 and have always had trouble finding and maintaining friendships and relationships. I've gone from one thing to another with people over the years, a lot down to me and a lot down to them, I've punished myself and I've hurt other people, I've owned my guilt and pain and mistakes for years but refused to believe that other people have done the same. I've gone from having stable employment, friends and relationships, being at the top of a mountain but crashing and burning in a shory space of time, meaning being made redundant, losing a partner, losing friends, losing opportunities etcetera to having serious depression and wanting to kill myself over and over. This all happened around 2008 and I've struggled to pick up the pieces since, never found stable work only volunteer jobs, struggled finding stable friendships and activities that worked meaning keeping up with things instead of things being a flash in the pan. All this time I've lived alone and suffered alone through all of it. I moved a few years ago from Hackenthorpe to Park Hill but found it even more difficult being in a block of flats surrounding by people but feeling more isolated and alone. I've tried making my place nice and making a new start, tried to turn things around but get sucked back to that negative and lonely cycle.
You may ask me what’s wrong with your life, what do you feel Anxious about? Gah, I couldn’t even tell you what there is for me to feel anxious for, yet there it is ever present dread, providing me with the difficulty to even gather my thoughts. This whatever you’d call it , self-psychological  explanations is rather easy to write however as it’s just asking me to tell you exactly what I’m feeling right now . Well some thoughts have to be hidden as they won’t really add to the paper like how this young woman walking off the train had a really nice butt, but I’m not the type of brazen man to comment or even do anything of the sort. Now my thoughts are lost so I’ll be forced to resume again while I denounce myself to this Anxiety Anxiety ,Anxiety ,Anxiety ,Anxiety. Anxiety , huh I’ve always been rather fond of the letter X as a child I’d do whatever I can to write the letter often just splicing in axes and zaxes , vexes and hexes but now this word Anxiety manages to bring me such existential dread that I’d rather it just be curtailed from the English language.
After 28 years, 28 years where I thought she was a friend, a partner, she straight up started screaming how wrong I am.  I may have been wrong, maybe I would have liked a ride home, but her lies about caring, about being invested, about wanting to work stuff out were laid bare when I said hey, lets go to bed, give me a hug, we will talk it out.  Then I heard the truth.  I have a show I watch at 9, I will not interrupt it.  28 years of lies, 28 years of lets be friends, 28 years of total bullshit just caved in on me.  I am done.  I want out.  I am sick of feeling like a boring afterthought, sick of psychic medium shows, sick of being the lowest priority, sick of it all.  I am done.  I cant, no not cant, I wont do this anymore.  I am worth more than this.  I am tired of being made to feel like  dishrag.  Fuck this.  I dont feel bad at all ending 28 years of me being shit on and begging for 30 seconds of her time.  Done with being made to feel like an inconvenience.  I am moving on.
EDIT: I thought you guys might want to know what kind of things I tried and what worked. I took 3 different kinds of antidepressants, I'm now on Paroxetine and they seem to work. I've tried therapists and that's not my jam. I spent 3 days in a psych ward after my overdose and I hated it there (other patients loved it though). The thing that worked most for me was reading. I read Furiously Happy by Jenny Lawson 4 times, and that's the book that helped me most. Also: the Tao of Pooh (I'm not religious), and books about being introverted because it made me realize I'm not crazy. And sometimes, I would just lie on the couch and watch bad reality tv. I keep a bullet journal now, playing with colours and just writing down 1 or 2 things I have to do each day. Do the laundry (but not fold it) and cook dinner. Stuff like that. And talk. And if you think that you don't have anyone to talk to, we're here. And I'm here. PM me, I promise I'll reply.
No reason to get out of bed anymoreI’m bored and beaten down. I’m so tired of school, work, and my relationships. They take up almost all of my time. And now I can’t even enjoy the time I have left to myself. Nothing I used to enjoy gives me any pleasure anymore. I’m tired of anime because it’s always a hassle trying to find one that’s worth watching. I’m tired of video games too. I just bought the old HD remake of MGS2&3 but I find 3 kinda boring and it just burnt me out trying to finish it. I’m tired of sleeping because all it does is make my troubles come faster. I’m even tired of masturbating and sex. Sex kills the masturbating because it makes me think about how much of a hassle it is to get it, plus I’m not amazing at it. I haven’t picked up my guitar in a while because my strumming is so bad I figured why bother. I’m slowly starting to lose myself, one hobby at a time. So now I just lay in bed and wait for the troubles to kill me.
I haven't really been eating anything the past 3 to 4 weeks. I basically eat a little snack here and there. Then when it comes to dinner, I'll either eat half of what my mom made or not have her make me anything and just find something else to eat. I can't eat a lot of meat or else my stomach will start hurting really bad, and it seems like my body won't let me eat a lot of food at all. When I do try to eat, I can only eat so much, before I get nauseated really bad. After I eat, I still feel hungry, almost like starving. It's hard to explain exactly what that feels like, but I guess it feels like your stomach is empty and when you do eat, it didn't help at all.... I ended up going to the doctor yesterday, and they're going to be doing a lot of tests on me, to figure out what's going on....AANNNDDD I've been thinking about doing a certain thing...but I don't want to let my family down and have them worried about me; which, would cause them to have more stress....but no one knows that I have this feeling...
I’m trapped here.I’m 35. I have a longer story than a paragraph or two, but depression has taken over again. Today is my grandmothers 98th birthday. I opted to visit yesterday because my dog was to have hernia and tooth surgery yesterday and my wife has acupuncture today - she would monitor him yesterday while I visited, I would stay home tonight. My dog died on the table for a few minutes but was resuscitated. So I cancelled yesterday and was welcome to go today. I go. I get a call. My wife wasn’t able to go home and walk the dog before her appointment. She had the car. She then said that she is broken forever (horrible day and also depressed). I couldn’t get any more information from her and she talks of suicide often. So I walk into my grandmothers, give her a hug, wish her a happy birthday, apologize for having to cancel two days in a row and I leave her my card that got crushed in my coat pocket. I’m now at home paralyzed with depression, and knowing I can’t go back for the visit because my wife may be in crisis. I really want to go now. I’ve tried to twice before. I’m not all that good at it, but I want to go. I look at my music equipment. Haven’t touched it in months, haven’t aspired or achieved in years. I work. We struggle to get by. That’s all that life is now. My grandmothers face crumpled when I said I couldn’t stay. I have to live with that somehow.
For as long as I remember I’ve lived my life in a constant state of fear or sadness. I used to not understand why, I have loving parents and siblings, food on my table and a roof over my head. I had friends that loved me and I always got all A’s without studying. But I always had anxiety and I was always scared and panicked. I would get panic/anxiety attacks almost everyday and I was miserable. When I started highschool I couldn’t handle it and became homeschooled. Sophomore year of homeschool(current year)  my anxiety and depression was horrible. I just couldn’t do it. I was so ducking tired of trying to live a life I couldn’t stand. My parents are understanding and I talked my mom into letting me drop out. I want to travel the world, even if I live my life paycheck to paycheck so my mom didn’t mind. I promised I’d get my GED when I turned 18 or when I got done traveling. Oh god do I regret it. I never hang out with anymore and I don’t have any friends anymore because I pushed them all away as I was scared. Now I’m so alone and I see my friends out having fun and I wish I was there but it’s my fault I’m not. I started working as a janitor as our local movie theatre since my mom is the manager and they neeeded one. But I hate it. I feel so much pressure on my shoulders and they all expect so much from me since my mom talked about me so often. One of my coworkers always seems to twists my words and the other day he twisted my words and told other coworkers that I wanted to take my shirt off for him when I didn’t say that. My mom thought it was funny and didn’t even offer to help.
Eventually she left me. Since then I've been in therapy and made a lot of progress in my own life. I used the breakup to totally transform myself, I have a lot of friends now, learned to drive, took interesting vacations alone, dated a few different girls (one quite seriously), I've been promoted and am pursuing a better career. I even workout daily. Unfortunately for all this work I still absolutely love my ex wife. I've blocked her on all social media but I still occasionally see her pop up with her new boyfriend on a friend's photos. He's this handsome doctor and seems to be a good guy. I just can't stand to have these nights where I miss her so much, holding her, the smell of her, the way she made me laugh so easily. I still dream about her. Occasionally she will phone me, a few weeks ago she called 4 times in one week. I try not to answer though. I picked up a few times before but she just wants to catch up at friends and it hurts me too much.
I set up a marriage counselor for us to go to because she said she'd be willing to go to one, but when I told her about it she said she wouldn't go. I feel incredibly rejected but in terms of my *direct* actions in the marriage, it was the last thing I could really do. Now all I can do are *indirect* things. For now that's studying, working on myself, and nurturing my relationships outside of my marriage. As I've been struggling with my marriage for over the last year, it's been tempting to just let everything crumble and fall apart. I'm finally able to just accept what is and work on those things. The sad part is I should have just been doing those *indirect* things all along because that's all she really needed. I guess it's too late for that but at least I'm figuring it out now. I still don't want this divorce but whether it ends there or ends in reconciliation, self-improvement will stay with me regardless. It doesn't matter what happens in the future.
Life is better, but depression getting worseI don't how this happened but even though life has gotten better my depression has gotten worse. Last year was terrible year for me, so bad I had to start taking anti depressants. I also had a few therapy sessions and they also helped. My depression isn't, and never has been, bad enough that i'd consider suicide. The closest I come to that is wishing I could die by means I have no control over. So far this year I've tried new things, been a little more social, and I've stepped out of my comfort zone a little more. But even after doing all that, my depression is actually getting worse. The antidepressant help, but now i'm in a low place again. I am trying to do a college paper and another assignment, but I physically and mentally can't do it. Every time I look at it I want to just die, not by my own hand, but still. I should have my bachelors in a year but I just can't do this anymore. I'm gonna try and I already have a little over half complete. But this is honestly throwing off my mood. I'm even watching a funny podcast to help. I'm laughing, but it doesn't help at all. I hung out with friends the other day, we had a good time, but I still had moments during it where I felt bad. Any advice? I don't know what to do at this point, I'm doing what everyone usually suggest in these situations and it's not working, or somehow making it worse. College for sure brings out the worst of it. But I don't know what to do, Even at work and in class I'll have half of my mind focusing on wishing for death. But again I stress, I'm not suicidal.
I would be dead right now if I wasn't on vivitrolI'm 20 and recovering heroin addict (3 mo clean) and I just opened up my hospital bills today.  I've been 7k in debt for months and too depressed to care. Last year I went to the ER three times. One for overdose, and two in the same night for staying awake for five days after quitting heroin. I still can't go to sleep without taking seroquel. This year I went only one time for a second overdose. I had to be given two nalaxones and defibulated, as my heart had stopped. My gf saved my life that night by giving me cpr until the paramedics came. I haven't told anyone but I tried to take my life that night. I'm crying while writing this because I just want to go back to that place. No pain, no misery, just nothingness. I really don't know how much longer I can do this shit. I feel like a failure. All my friends growing up ended up graduating and being successful. Here I am a junky and working for minimum wage. I'm a fucking loser. I hope these thoughts go away,  but it's going to be a hard night.  Like the title says, if it wasn't for the opioid blocker I'm on,  I would have bought a g and ended it all. It's the only way I want too die. I just want to go back.
I just wish people would stopI fell in love with my best friend (G), but since we’re both girls, I was too damn terrified of what would happen if she knew. I fucked up and was talking about this to my friend (J) at his car while my G’s older sister was in the passenger seat. Both J and I immediately told her not to tell G. But she did. It’s been over a month since she told G. And I can’t help but feel so convinced that G hates me for this. I feel that way when she doesn’t answer my calls, even though I know she’s busy. I feel this way whenever I think about her. I love her but I’m so scared of losing my best friend. When leaving work today I saw J talking to G’s sister at her car. I went over there, like the idiot I am and told her that I’m still upset about what she did. She literally fucking said that she didn’t even feel sorry for me. I start crying and going on about how horrible this past month has been for me and it’s because of her I feel so scared to tell G pretty much anything. I’ve been miserable. There’s this bitch harassing me at school. I always feel like I’m going to pass out. I’m failing calculus. My parent won’t get off my ass because I’m not getting perfect grades despite the fact that 4 of my 6 classes are advanced. I hate my life and all I want is for Gillian to answer my calls.
I leave work most days at 2:45pm (salary) because I pick up my son from school at 3:15. Usually when I am checking out with my GM for the day it turns into an argument about how I’m not allowed to leave because I haven’t gotten a single administrative task done that day or I have answered all my emails ( yeah because I’ve been on a cash register for the last 5 hours straight.), but I need to get my kid so I leave. If my wife has off and can get my son from school I usually don’t get out of work until 5pm give or take an hour depending on how much I need to get done that particular day. On the days when I get my son I leave work and usually need to speed to get to the school on time because the 5 minute arguement about me leaving has made me late. I pick him up and take him home. My wife actually closes on the days that she works so on days when I get my son I have zero help. When we get home I’ll grab him a quick snack and then we take the dog for a walk. After we get back from walking the dog I will start making dinner ( I absolutely love cooking and I enjoy making a real homemade meal, even though I’m exhausted at this point and it’s draining). While I’m cooking my son will usually start homework. After we eat dinner I will check his homework and I will have him help me clean. Time to take the dog for another walk and then my son will get a shower or bath depending on his mood that day. After his shower we usually have about 45 minutes to finally relax and we will watch a show or draw together or play. His mother comes to pick him up when she is done work.
My boyfriend killed himself, and all our common friends blocked me thinking it was because of meAnd i drink myself to sleep since then. We were soulmates, fell in love from the first day, to the last. I Had some major problems all my life, but solved them, until recent when i found out about this. We broke up 2 months before his suicide, we were together 3 years, really loved each other. There were no problems between us, just he was breaking up with me for some sort of misterious reasons in our last year(he was off instantly once 3 4 monts for 2 3 days, ghosting me), some jealousy and paranoia, except the fact i was faithful and loving. Tried a lot of times to talk to him, somewhat i was suffering a lot last year, thinking all sorts of stuff(maybe he was hiding something, cheating, gay etc). All nonsense. Once we broke up for the last time he seemed very happy those last 2 months after the breakup, partying takin extasy(with me he was so shy and introvert and good guy, no smoking no alcohol), then we saw each other in a weekend and stayed with him to help him with the low from the pills/parties. We talked about our separate lives and got along very well, bein honest(he just started a new relationship),laughed and loved each other like old times. I was happy about his life, and i told him i finally fell in love with someone and got a bit detached(when we met before, i always wanted to get back together and fight for our love). He also insisted on me finding someone new. We din t fight like last months when we decided to break up. He decided those days at my place to kill himself, after we made love all night/day, i didn t knew and he faked it so good, but he sort of chose to spend his last days with me, being very intimate and funny. Hugged me tight and long last time i saw him. I was the last person to see him. Few days later after he left my place, found out he killed himself. Cops found him with the Exit Bag and some inert gas, helium .I was devastated but i also thought he had some mental psychosis or some sort... Now it haunts me that he sort of said goodbye and wanted to leave me in a good place( when he dissapeared he only answered me by messages, saying he s ok and well in a vacation and to get back to my business, that i didn t do anything wrong). Why did he do it? How should i move on now? Maybe my love was too much for him, i always forgave him but he didn t manage to forgive himself for hurting me, or find a solution to be together without drama. Also he didn t have any sort of problems with money, work, family, he was an amazing beautiful and loving man....
Three years later he left for a few days to a week (I don't remember how long exactly). He wasn't "in love" with me. I made a therapy appointment for myself because I was absolutely the biggest mess ever. We had talked and I told him if he wanted to be with me, he would be at that appointment, he was welcome to join me, but if not, I need therapy. If he didn't show it meant it was over. He didn't show. I broke down worse. I was walking my dog, talking with friends so I didn't kill myself after that appointment, when he started blowing up my phoine. I finally answered and he asked where I was. I asked if he was home and he said yes. I told him I hoped he was getting as much shit as would fit in his car out, and that he could finish getting his shit over the weekend. By that point I was nearly home, turns out he wanted to talk. He cried, he said he fucked up, doesn't want to lose me. He's so sorry, he doesn't know why he does this.  I was livid, then felt bad. He swears up and down he didn't cheat that time...I mostly believe(d) him...still not sure though. But I think that time he was telling the truth.
It's night time again, this is starting to feel like a journal. I want to thank everyone for their kind words and support, being able to read your encouragements and relatable stories  throughout my day has helped, more than I can express in text. Today has been one fucking hard day to put it lightly. I got some answers to my questions on why what happened did happen and that only raised more questions. I'll give an censored cliff note version to keep from airing her dirty laundry in the public, but I think its important for me to write this down. And I apologize from typing errors too, been doing this on my phone as my computer is still in the apartment. My gf wasn't from here, I never met or talked to any of her family. I didn't even know their names. She told me that there was a really bad childhood for her and that she had lost 2 children  with her husband years back. So I never asked questions, I just listened when she felt like she needed to talk about it. Eventually, she finally told me there was a younger 3rd child that was still alive with the now ex husband. She said they divorced when the children died, on Oct 15. Fast forward a year, her mother took her own life on Oct 15 for the guilt of feeling responsible. That was 2 years ago.we started dating in no November of last year. She started seeing a therapist for the past 3 months this year that was a very nice lady that she trusted. Well then her incident occurs from the guilt and grief, she blamed her self for those deaths which was completely unwarranted. The coroner had no idea of how to get in touch with family, so that's been my goal since then. I got in touch with the ex husband and an old close friend of hers from back then. I wasn't prepared for theinfo they had about her. The reason shed been crying and putting herself through hell, didn't exist. Well her mom was gone but not for what I was told. There was only two sons and they were both alive, she basically drove off one day and never came back. That was a few months before we met. She liveds those lies for the year everyone kew her here. I talked to her therapist and she was just blown away. All we can figure was that she was so much more mentally dustrurbed than any of us had any idea. Therapist figures she was delusional, maybe borderline schizo. There was really nothing we could've done to help her given the info we didn't know, it was like throwing a bucket of water on a house fire. Id here her talking to herself, but now I'm not sure that she wasn't just having conversations with someone she thought that was there. She would tell me about her conversations shed been having with her old friends that she was able to get in touch with, that really haven't heard from her in over a year. It's just so much to process. Shed actually be excited that she got to talk to them. She believed her delusion so strongly, no one had a reason to doubt it. This just makes things clearer and so much more sad.
after 2 months the house finally soldMy wife moved out 9 months ago. I tried to keep the house but I couldn't keep up with the payments and then it renewed at a higher rate. Had it listed for 2 months had to keep dropping the price by 10k every few weeks to get any interested buyers. Finally got a written offer today that I had countered and they met my price. So I signed.  I thought I would feel sad about selling my kid's home to a developer who is going to eventually knock it down and build a duplex but I am actually relieved and excited to no longer have a mortgage (and possible foreclosure) hanging over my head on a house in a neighbourhood I no longer want to live in anyway. I also got approved today for a main floor house rental back in our old neighbourhood accross the street from the kids's school and daycare which I didn't think I would get because they did a credit check. But they chose me over the other applicant. Situations get fucked up but turn around sooner or later. Today was a good day. I hope things get better for you all as well.
I'm so much stronger now than I ever knew was possible.  You wouldn't recognize me anymore.  I'm better off without you.  I devoted my life to your happiness and forgot about my own.  Not anymore.  I begged for your attention and approval.  Fuck you.  I don't need it now.  Now I get to know what it's like to have intimacy with a partner.  To have someone look at me with cherishing eyes.  Someone to see me.  You never saw me.  You didn't appreciate me.  I did everything for you and you did nothing in return.  And now I'm free.  It might have been the hardest thing I've ever been through, but I'm so glad to know this version of myself exists.  I'm excited for the endless possibilities of my future.  Dreams I couldn't have dreamt with you poisoning them.  Goals I never would have achieved with you holding me back.  A better life.  A life with real love.  And family that came back to me after you made me cut them out.  A life that doesn't revolve around you.
Wife said I should move out for now?Hi - 44/M going thru tough times with wife of 13 yrs for past few months.  Recently getting way worse, we've hardly talked or interacted except when necessary...basically avoiding each other in our own house.  We have an 11 yr old daughter together.  It's really been blowing up lately, she obviously has severe anger issues, and she's just relentlessly screaming, berating everyone, especially our daughter.  I almost feel like she's being abusive, but she claims she's just getting on her because she's not doing homework or cleaning her room, whatever.  It's insane.  Today she said she can't be in the house with me anymore, she thinks I should stay at my mom's house for a while till she sorts things out.  I'm hesitant to do this (mainly because I don't really want to subject my daughter to her rants while she's in this state), although my mom just had surgery and I could spin it like I'm staying with her to help her out.  But I'm not sure if this would trigger anything, i.e. an official separation and I'm the one who "abandoned her"....   Would there be any adverse effects going forward if I were to just stay at my mom's for a few nights to let things cool down (although not sure there is any cooling down with her...)?  I want to make sure I don't screw myself even more here.  THANKS.
I’m pretty sure I need to leave my spouse for my own emotional well-being, but I love him so much still. Has anyone here had to walk away from their marriage because your spouse just can’t stop hurting you?We (25f & 26m) have been together since high school. We have a toddler together, and our marriage has had its ups and downs, but the only thing worth complaining about is our sex life. I guess it’s a pretty typical story, he doesn’t show any interest or desire in my body, wants sex maybe 2 times a week (I have a higher libido, like 3-5 times a week) and during those two times a week I am fully responsible for my orgasm. Foreplay has always been nonexistent, he says it’s because he “feels like he can’t do it right” but whenever I’ve tried to help guide his hands with mine, he’s so stiff that I can’t even manage to get him to maneuver correctly even with me practically doing it for him. Most of the time he’ll just stare at the TV. sex always begins with “want to f***?” And he expects me to just lay down and do it and be done. I’m 25 and have been using lube in order to have sex since I was 18.
Why am I like this?I'm a 16m and I feel like sometimes I'm really okay and content and other times I just wanna kill myself. I hate myself so much I feel like me being upset is nothing compared to other people. Just the other day I heard my siblings say they don't care if I kill myself. I got my gf back but things are just fucking going crazy again, I feel like I push her away and I want to talk to her but I'm so fucked. Now I'm just afraid of fucking up the relationship like I did before. It feels like no one ever really cares about me, everyone just weaves in and out of my life like it's nothing. I just want some attention for once, I just want someone to call me up and ask if I'm ok. Why does it feel like no one does that? Why does it feel I'm just such a fucking waste? I don't even know what the hell is wrong with me. Doctor says I have depression but idek if I should be able to call it that. Please God or someone give me the courage to kill myself for once please, don't make it like those little scratches before in my arm. I just want to be dead to make someone happy, it seems like everyone is just disappointed in me. Hell I even started smoking pot to see if someone in my family would actually start caring. Instead I get to hear about how they don't care if I kill myself and that I have to move out of this house now. Fuck this fuck everything, my grades are so ass, my dad left me, my family just doesn't even care about me, and I'm too much of a pussy to even try and talk with my girlfriend. It's not like she would care anyways, we dated for about a year before we broke up and got back together just recently. I'm saying that like anyone would care to begin with. I don't have the fucking balls it takes to kill myself, maybe I don't get to kill myself cuz my life isn't all that bad, right? I mean my siblings came from a third world country, where they got the shit kicked outta them and they're fine. Me I'm here whining about some not so shitty life I have and am literally fucking crying over not getting attention. I'm just some stupud spoiled brat who needs to fucking die. My achievements mean absolutley nothing, who cares if do anything if no one boasts or even acknowledges what I did. Who cares how good I do on some stupid test, it's only when I start doing bad and start cutting that people wanna fucking talk to me and tell me they fucking care. Who the fuck ACTUALLY cares, everyone is just trying to fucking pretend like they do so they don't have to live acting like tbey didn't. I beg you all to please put me down, please tell me how much of a lousy piece of shit I am. Please tell me to kill myself and tell me how much no onr cares. Please give me the fucking courage to end my life so no one has to deal with my fucking shit anymore cuz everyone's sick of me already.
I'm trying my best to stay positive, it's hard.Why the hell am I even trying anymore, it’s hopeless. This mental disorder will be the end of me. Please, just kill me. That would make all of this just end, and sometimes, ending it is the best thing to do. I may not be thinking rationally, that’s not okay. I shouldn’t be letting it get the best of me, I need to be strong for everyone that really does care for me, I don’t want to have any of them worry for me.  It’s a long and arduous road, full of traps, spikes, cliffs, and natural disasters. Plus every step seems to get steeper and steeper, I just hope that one day that It’ll level out so that the path is at least easier to tread. My mind says to kill itself, but my heart says to live for the better. The other thing helping my heart is the few others that put theirs alongside mine. And they mean, so, so much to me. I want to make them happy. I hope that my resolve is just as strong as my mind. I hope that I’m willing to live.
Life is great why am I getting worseI should be getting better. I'm in college, I have an amazing boyfriend, I'm active in church. But it's not. Actually I'm getting worse and it's effecting everything. My grades are dropping and I lack the energy to shower or motivation to eat. I want to sit in my bed and just let my mind be numb while I zone out and "watch" YouTube. I cause arguments with my boyfriend then immediantly regret them. I feel like I'm going crazy because life is supposed to get better now that I'm out of the terrible town I was in but it hasn't. I'm miserable and hate college but feel like I have no shot at a good life without it. I don't want to end up in debt. I don't want to lose my boyfriend. And I don't want to keep going like this but I see no way out. All I have the motivation to do is sleep and lay here and disassociate. I just want to be happy and normal but it seems like that hasn't happened since I was a kid. Anxiety and depression run my life, I have no future no friends and no hope anymore...
For real though...I’m so glad leaving me for another woman has made EX such a good dad. (That sounds bitchy but hear me out - I’m being sincere) There was something toxic about the two of us together in the end. He’s been out for 6 mo and the divorce has been final for 3 mo. I’ve never seen him like this. He took everything for granted when he was here.  I really hope he can keep it up now that he doesn’t have to deal with me, which must be what made him the absentee father he was for the last 10 years. He’s calls the kids daily (sometimes more than once),  spends time with them on his weekends, buys them stuff, pays attention to their schoolwork and interests. The kids really are getting the best of us both right now.  That’s what they deserve; loving, attentive, parents. If everything had to crash and burn to make that happen then I’ll gladly take my lumps. It makes the separation easier for them to know he didn’t divorce them. And while I may have my issues about the divorce to deal with, and my opinion of him is not high, it is so important for them to have a good relationship with him, they need it, and I’m so relieved he didn’t vanish on them. He’s more present for them now than ever! Please, please let him keep this up...
My wife has MS and was diagnosed years ago.  She was previously working for her father.  In 2016, just before the birth of our 3rd child, she had a flare and had a difficult run.  I had to help her eat and bathe and she couldn't really get out of bed for some time.  She got a bit better after our son was born and continued taking her medication.  However, due to her deteriorated eyesight, she could not work.  Her father cut her pay in 2017, so we had to scrape to get by and put a lot of things on credit cards.  We were not doing great financially prior to this, so it was very stressful.  She finally was approved for disability earlier this year, so we are trying to dig ourselves out of the hole that we're in, which adds to our overall stress.  However, my wife feels like I resent her for not being able to work for so long and having to do everything for her.  This is not the case at all - I love her and I have always loved her and would do anything for her.  The fact that she could not work was not her fault and I would have done anything to make her feel better.
My Story Part 1I consider myself a blender. I blend in with this and I blend in with that. I am insignificant. I know this now, but it took me awhile to reach this realization. I always thought of myself as a fairly social being. I was always surrounded by friends, or so I thought. As I reflect on my life thus far, I realize that I've never truly had a good friend and it's my fault. You see, when I was younger I would cling to the "popular" girl in school (this was a real theme) and we would become best friends. Because I was inevitably less popular I would try my hardest to keep my "best friend." Despite her making fun of me relentlessly, talking about me behind my back, and on more than one occasion suggesting I kill myself I was, in fact, still their "best friends." When I was about 10 years old I had a kid threaten to beat me with a baseball bat if I tried to go near my "best friend" because on that day she didn't feel like talking to me. I was disposable and that is still true to this day.
Third--and this is the most consistently important lesson for me: I decide how this changes me. This was a mantra that I repeated to myself a lot. I can't control the situation. I can't control the changes to my life as a whole. But I can exercise some control in how I react to them and who I become as a result. So I focused on that. This is, in part, following the "work on yourself" advice that is common here, and which is great advice. I worked to improve myself. But I also worked to not allow myself to be degraded by this situation. I decided, from my first time grappling with the multi-headed demon (jealousy, anger, confusion, fear, despair) that slides into your head when you find out your partner of 20 years is having an affair, that I wasn't going to let this situation turn me into someone that I didn't want to be. And so when I was tempted to do or say things that were mean-spirited or what-have-you, I asked myself who and what I wanted to be. And I won't lie and say that I never said or did anything in this whole process that I wouldn't do differently if given another chance ... but I can say that I didn't do or say anything that I can't stomach admitting. The high road has been good to me.
These issues are not new.  In fact, we separated shortly once before about 8 years ago.  The straw that broke the camel’s back at that time was when he told me he’d installed cameras inside the house and “caught” me masturbating (which he forbid because masturbating means your sex life isn’t satisfying according to him).  I broke down when he told me that as I felt overwhelmingly violated at having been recorded doing something so intimate (though he later claimed it was a bluff to see if I’d admit it, but honestly I’m not sure whether it was or not).  I told him I wanted a divorce at that moment.  He apologized and convinced me to do a trial separation.  After a month or so, I decided divorce was what I wanted and when I told him that, he took a bunch of his meds and told me goodbye.  I called an ambulance and he was committed for a few days and had his dad convince me to take him back.  I naively believed the suicide attempt had made him decide to change.  I was wrong and things didn’t change and the same behaviors continued or heightened over the years.
I want to push the button~o~ It is selfish of me but truth is I feel like i dont belong on this planet and like i have no place here and only way home for me ia suicide. I used to be passionate and loving person but Im socially isolated, dont have any friends and havent been in intimate relationship for 8 years. Im 34, IT engineer, i used to be an artist and living with mom, although financially independent, i dont have any debts or commitmens, and god forbid i would sell my future to a bank in exchange for house. (Which is apart from wanting to be intimate with a woman the only thing i want just now) Allegedly humans are social creatures but i cant seem to find way to connect with them in lasting manner. Internet has hurt me before. Love only gets me abused. The only solid connection i have seems to be with nature,its angels and the universal mind. I dont feel like a man but instead like an angel that was cast out of heaven. Existence is pain. I refuse to participate in the legacy economy and the human consumerism which savages this beautiful planet. And future i feel i come from seems so distant from where i am. I just want to move on and get off this planet. Someone please kill me🙏 as i dont know how to kill myself as there are too many options, or im just not brave enough. I just wish to move on and i want my wings back 🤷‍♂️  ~<3~
I don’t know, I’m just going to rant cause that’s all I can doI’m a teenager and I don’t know what I’m doing with my life. I’m severely depressed and know one else knows that except two friends. It feels like no one cares and I don’t know how to tell anyone that I’ve self harmed and have suicidal ideation. I’m not going to kill myself, I just have thoughts about it.(I have good friends who care and know about the self harm and suicidal ideation and depression, but it feels like no one does cause my minds effed up) I’ve been going to therapy, but haven’t told my therapist how bad my depression is bc I don’t want my parents to know and I don’t want it to be a big deal. I’m not self harming anymore, I just felt like doing it to help with how incessantly empty and numb I feel all the time. but ik it’s not good and I don’t want to get addicted so I stopped.  I don’t know what to do about my depression, I’m tired of being depressed, it’s been a year of silent suffer as I’ve only recently told my friends and got therapy and I just want to enjoy my life again.  Ik this isn’t some phase or something it’s an actual problem, I just don’t know what to do about it.  I can’t motivate myself to do anything and I just can’t be bothered, and some part of my mind wants to recover from this and the other part of my mind wants me to suffer more cause that’s what I deserve even tho I didn’t do anything with my pointless life.  I barely have any appetite and I don’t eat much (I don’t have an eating disorder, but I do have a body image problem, but I don’t starve myself or anything like that).  I have horrible self talk, I think I’m a failure, a disappointment to everyone, I think that I’d be better off dead and that no one loves me (even tho people do love me, it just doesn’t feel like it). I feel apathetic,nothing interest me and I feel like I shouldn’t bother with anything bc it’ll just fail, I feel guiltily bc I self harmed and bc I’m so irritable all the time and yell at people somethings even tho I don’t mean it, I feel hopeless like nothing will ever get better or go my way, I feel helpless like no one will ever help me or support me, I have loss of interest, I feel like such a burden to everyone all the time like I can’t bother them with my irrational thoughts.  I also sleep too much and can’t concentrate, I spend every spare minute I have alone in my room, and I try to distract myself from reality, I’ll just watch YouTube all day. I see my friends on the weekends, but I still isolate myself and ik it doesn’t help, but it’s what I feel like doing and being around people is so stressful most of the time. And the rly annoying part is that nothing happened to me, no traumatic events or abuse took place that would cause my depression.  It just slowly crept up on me and Idk what to do about it.   I just wanted to rant about this, if anyone has any advice I’d appreciate it, thanks if you even bother to read this, I don’t want it waste anyone’s time, so sorry. I just want someone to care
We co-parent our two daughters and have pretty much equal time with them. I found a nice little duplex about a 1/2 mile from them the other day, applied and hope I get it because it will be closer than the temporary furnished apt. I have been in since a month after the separation started. We talked on Christmas eve and she said to the effect that maybe if we could successfully co-parent and be friends and I could treat her as a friend and not let my anger, heartbreak and frustration about this impossible feeling situation (she wanted out, not me) come out, then 'maybe' she could consider giving us another shot but 'maybe not because there is so much water under the bridge'. She isn't seeing anyone else (that I know of) and neither am I. Its a weird situation and doesnt seem to mirror many people's situation on here. I can't believe how many people, mostly women reportedly, seem 'out for blood' and are out to hurt their soon to be or exes and I can't believe how many dad's reportedly, don't give a shit about seeing their kids 'every other weekend' or some such nonsense. Its so depressing, so I don't know why I read this sub or why I post on it but this all feels 'final' even though I don't see divorce happening anytime soon.
N is for Noise. You can't manage all the noise in your head some days.  You're just trying to fill the car with gas but your thoughts are running a mile a minute.  Replaying a conversation.  Thinking about your last wedding anniversary and how handsome he looked in that shirt you picked out for him. *Oh shit, I just used the Panera rewards card instead of the credit card to try and pay...*  Imagining the what-ifs.  Wondering if it's too soon for you to get involved with that cute guy from the party.  *Did I really just select "diesel" for the gas?? Cancel, let's try this again.*  Thinking of ways to show the world on social media that you're okay.  You're thinking of anything but the task at hand.  When you drive off with the gas cap still open you don't even notice till your next fill-up because your brain is so full of chatter, static and wild ideas that current reality barely registers.  Deep breath. Ground yourself.  When you hear the noise this is a reminder to find something in the moment to ground yourself in the present.  Take those ten deep breaths.  Look at that pretty tree outside the window.  Sing your favorite song.  Turn off the devices.  Connect with your current reality if you can but like so many things right now, time is really the only thing that can help quiet the storm.
Everything came rushing back, and I've been utterly fucked ever since. I have 6 essays months overdue, have had to apply for mitigating circumstances and I still have two places to apply for my masters to. I am completely unable to do any work, my medication isn't working and I've just come to the realisation that *I'm ready to go.* I've tried commiting suicide before but it was always more of a cry for help @ myself more than anything else. All i feel now is serene calm. I research suicide methods while I listen to show tunes, and amazon ropes while I tell my boyfriend I love him over the phone. He is amazing but I feel that he will never understand me. He always wants me to talk to him about it but I never want to burden him with my shitstorm. I just want to cease to exist. I'm in so much pain all the time, and have to pretend like everything is alright in front of my family because I cant burden them with it. I feel like a failure constantly because of this inability to do anything and all i want to do is sleep.
 This is going no where.  My 7 year old says something to her and she tells him to go kill himself.  Tonight I tell my son that he cannot have more time on his Kindle...  he says ******was right....you should go kill yourself.  I send him to his room and later asked him whY he would do if I were gone...he says...live on my own.....I know that he is repeating what he hears.....but it hurts. I feel alone. I feel that my kids are the only reason I am alive today.  I had one attempt 20 years ago....and thoughts on and off of being gone...away from a life of pain.  I went to counseling and healed past wounds before my kids were born.  I am a survivor.  But I feel alone and soooo deeply sad.   I have two kids that need me but I cannot keep feeling this way. They are not old enough to understand.  I always forgive them and love them unconditionally because that is what it means to be a good momma...but I am sooooo sad and alone.  I need to get this out....I know it will pass...I just need......to feel better. Thank you for reading my story.
Wish I had a normal momI'm 26 and my mom is 63. I'm not perfect sometimes I say horrible stuff to her because she makes me angry. I work 7 days a week I never have fun and I have no friends. At work everyone likes me and thinks I'm funny. I'm not awkward I can usually tell when there's something wrong with a person and what to say to them. Not trying to brag by saying this just bringing it up because I always have to pretend. People don't know I don't have friends and all I do is work. To my mom anything that goes wrong is my fault. I pick up her medicine I take her to her doctors appointments. When she almost died I got her healthy again. She recently started smoking again she smoked for years and quit in Jan of 2018 because her legs started dying. She had to have surgery because an artery become clogged. Before she got sick I told her something was wrong but she wouldn't listen to me. She smokes in her room and stinks up the whole house. She doesn't care if it makes my throat burn every morning. Today I came home pissed off because it smelled like smoke I yelled at her I take care of her when she gets sick I put all this effort for her and she could care less. Ive been depressed since I was a child. I was never good enough even though out of her 3 kids I'm the must successful. I also care for my high functioning autistic brother hes a great brother but he cant make decisions for the house. Today I told my mom if she lets my dog out I'll kill her. Once in a while she'll go outside to smoke. I dont want to talk to my mom like that but she does such crazy sht. Id never hurt my mom or myself but damn I wish I could just be my brother, my dog and myself in the home. My mom can't live on her own and theres no one for her to live with. I just wish I could be 26 and live my life. I'm almost 30 with not much life left.
So any way, I'm out busting my hump shoveling the driveway today, thinking about this plan, and it dawned on me how utterly stupid I was being. During our 18 year marriage, my Ex had had several female 'friends' that he had what I would call 'emotional affairs' with. I recalled how my Ex had talked about his hurt with Sarah- how he felt like they had a special friendship, and how jealous he felt when she talked about all the things she did with other friends. I thought about how he had ended his friendship with Amy because he grew bitter that she was so busy doing things with other people. And it dawned on me, there is nothing that my Ex would like more than to believe that I am quite hung up on him. It would satisfy that egotistical part of him that wants to believe that women dwell on him in a meaningful way. So for me to do anything for his birthday- a gift, a snack mix, a card, anything- would just serve to boost his ego. He's not going to think about how wonderful I am. He's going to think "she's still in love with me" and that's going to make him gloat a little bit. And thinking it through, I realized that by the same token, if I am angry when I talk to him, and I say cutting things to him, that is also going to make him gloat that I am obviously hung up on him. I just saw with perfect clarity that at this point, the best thing that I can do when interacting with him is simply to act like I am focused on moving on. That's it. Don't do anything sweet, don't do anything sad, don't do anything hostile. Don't try to engage him in conversations. Don't seem like you are creating reasons to see him or talk to him. Simply carry yourself as a woman who is busy moving on, and if I act in a way that suggests that I am not broken up about him one way or the other, that might sink in with him some day. I'm not saying it will change anything, because it won't, it just means that some day his ego might feel the bruise that the woman who knew him the longest has walked away from him with not a lot of residual heartbreak. It's not true, of course. I still have a great deal of heartbreak, but I don't need to give him the satisfaction of knowing it. The fact is that he will always be more haunted by the woman whose attention he couldn't hold, than being haunted by the lovelorn woman who he suspects still pines for him like a sad puppy dog.
ADHD and depressionWhen i was 16 i tried to kill myself via overdose so i was diagnosed with depression. Worked my ass off and did pretty good at recovering up until i was 20 and the depression came out of nowhere. I hadn’t felt that feeling in so long but i knew clearly what it was. And i was also smart enough this time to know i couldn’t just try and kill myself again. I needed a way out. I needed recovery, but it’s so hard to find the motivation to do it when you did it once and seemingly failed. A friend with ADD gave me an adderall to help w the school work i was drowning in (missed a week of class bc i couldn’t get out of bed). While on it, i felt like i was awake for the first time in my entire life. Immediately made an appointment w a psychiatrist, not to get adderall but to get help bc i knew i couldn’t survive much longer if nothing changed. Told him the truth, about taking the adderall and everything. He diagnosed me w ADHD and I’ve been taking adderall since then (22 now). And everything’s been lovely. I’ve been struggling a little w navigating the side effects of adderall like no appetite and bad come downs but other than that it’s been really good, kinda. The come downs consist of anxiety filled break downs sometimes, but they’re usually infrequent. Only during high stress times.
I want to dieI'm tired of the pain. I'm tired of all of it. I've struggled with depression for years now and nothing seems to be getting better. I managed to find a girlfriend and this person was the love of my life. We were best friends. We helped each other through so many hard times. We dated once before back in high school and her parents tore us apart. We tried again and made it a year and a half before her parents decided they weren't having it. She's not allowed to communicate with me or see me at all. We dicided to wait until the fall when she got to college as well to resume dating. Last week she texts me and said she can't see how we would make it work and decided it was over. She hopes one day we can be friends but how am I supposed to just go back to being friends. One of the worst parts is that we shared alot of the same friends. I can't do anything with them because then she can't hang out with them. I feel like I've lost everything. I just want so bad for the pain to be over.
Two days ago we agreed to meet up one last time before she moved in. I was going to tell her that I ended any relationships I had and the house is ready for her to move in. We were ready. We previously agreed to celebrate our anniversary in two weeks as a fresh start. But that did not happen. She sends me a text how she can't leave him. She can't hurt him that way. She told me to move on. She's happy with him. She's sorry. I read her texts after picking my kids from school. They knew something was wrong when they got in my car. The eldest immediately said, mom changed her mind. She began to cry. Then her sister. I tried so hard not to cry, but I did. I pulled over and we all cried. She always wanted to have her mom back home. Now I'm so devasted but can't help to think how stupid I was. I forgot for a moment that she was a narcissist and she meant what she said. But narcissist don't want you to be happy. Now I feel like the exact day she left me. I can't sleep or sleep too much or eat. I have been so sad and crying. She's acting like nothing happened. No more crying, no more regrets, and no more wanting to come home. I am planning to get the divorce papers this time. I will not let her do this to us again.
State of decayOn may I graduated from high school i was happy when graduated my whole family was happy for me because I was the first of my family to graduate. I got job working at Omni hotel downtown Dallas I was there for one week but I got fired for using my phone but that wasn't the main reason why I got fired is because I missed one day and reason why missed that day is because I twisted my ankle on my to work I ride the bus there but anyways I found another job afterwards I worked at the Crowe hotel it's was shitty I worked as housemen i lasted two months but I got laid off because the hotel was losing money so i just went to find a new job  a week later after losing my job at the hotel I got job at a place where we made table cloth the company is called gbs linens I got thought how to fold and how to cut and Measure but today was bad I got laid off but worst thing that happened to me was the boss peter or whatever his name is laying me off in front of of coworkers they looked really sorry for me my former boss told me " it was because there wasn't nothing for me to do there" my heart broke into a million pieces I told him "this job is all I have without this job I'm nothing " he said "sorry " I went to get my stuff  I started crying because I finally found a job I really wanted I really loved that job I went to clock off and he passed by saying "thank you " I really wanted to say "fuck you" but my goodness of being a better person got to me I just didn't respond I went to clock off and I left right I walked out I sat on floor and started crying in one month I lost everything I lost my girlfriend and my new job. I went back home crying because I felt like lost in translation lost in my own mind in denial that I lost my girlfriend and my job rn I'm deciding between killing  myself or keeping going and keep decaying losing in touch with myself the only thing that I want back is me going to school I miss my friends the people I hated and loved my old teachers I know this is the real world once you graduate you lose everything your smile and yourself.
A Stressed Student RantSo, lately in school (I'm home schooled btw) Things have been really hard. I've been getting hit with projects and essays left and right and my school system I'm taking has set dates and I'm just getting so behind... I act cool around my mom because she has enough to deal with, with my brother but i'm really starting to struggle and I'm starting to sacrifice quality for quantity. I can do each assignment 2 times, but on tests and quizzes i only have one attempt and they are really big portions of my grade. I'm a straight A student with really high A - A+ usual grades when i'm in a good place which makes it even harder for me to do things quickly because I want to do well and if I tell my mom I got a bad grade she'll want me to redo it which would suck up even more time! She's an only parent, my dad left a long time ago, and I have an older brother who goofs off in his studies half the time. I have been caught up in 4 of my easy classes, but the other 2 are my hardest classes which are Language Arts (Large Essay) and Life Science (A Graph Project) I'm getting really stressed and soon i'll have to go to my grandma for her 80th birthday the first to second week of March and I won't be able to do school work over there and It is almost manditory that I get a week or two ahead in my school work for that period of time. I'm really stressed and I don't want my mother to not trust me with my school because I lied saying I was only 2 days behind when I'm now 10 days behind in bother things, bring my daily workload to 33 - 42 assighnments in about 8:30 to 6:50 time wise...
It went pretty smoothly. XH didnt ask for much besides to not get divorced and to try to work it all out. I didnt care about that though. He was broken, but I was free. I could do whatever I wanted without having to feel any guilt or answer to anybody. It was an amazing feeling of freedom. It didnt last long though. In the first month after he moved out I missed garbage day 3 times. There was also rarely a single clean dish and the laundry sat in piles so long that I had to start doing the sniff test to see if it could be worn again. I also never saw my kids more miserable. My oldest had seen some of the messages from the other guy months earlier and she knew that XH still wanted to try to work it out. It didnt take her long to stop talking to me at all except to say that she wanted to go to XH house. The others all told me that they wanted to live with XH too. I did my best to try to make them happy, but I ended up just buying them toys all the time and the happiness only lasted minutes. I also was having a lot of trouble with work. Being alone I couldnt work all those extra hours that I was expected to. I finally gave in and starting calling XH to watch the kids. He would always come over as soon as he could and he always asked me if i needed anything. When I would get home I would find clean dishes and laundry and even dinner sometimes. He would never say too much after I got home. He would just say to call him if i needed anything and leave. One night he took out the garbage and brought it to the curb because it was garbage night and I forgot again. He always looked so sad when it was time to go.
I tried to hang myself tonightSelf-explanatory.  The rope wasn't long enough, I couldn't make a secure knot over the light fixture. I kicked the chair, felt the pull on my neck and it immediately came loose and I fell on my back. Got right back up and tried again, same thing. I can't do anything right. I wish it had worked. I'm so tired. I'm tired of myself. I'm tired of my shitty artistic projects that go nowhere and don't amount to anything. I'm tired of my job. I'm tired of school. I'm tired of everyone treating me like I'm not a human being or I'm invisible. I'm tired of the citizens bank atm that never works. I'm tired of feeling like a disappointment to everyone.  I'm tired of all of the thoughts I can't stop and the emotional trauma I'm going through. It just keeps getting worse and worse and I just want it to end.  The person I love the most continuously treats me like nothing.  I tried to stop drinking and cutting and everything's just gotten worse.  Things keep setting me off and I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. I'm going to buy a longer length of rope tomorrow.  I feel like everyone would be better off if I was dead and everyone would love me more. Everyone loves someone more when they're dead and I don't feel like anyone does now and its all I want.  I know everyone will move on and be fine and I'm tired of being a disappointment and a burden.   I can't even talk about what's driving me the most with anyone because it makes me feel ashamed and humiliated. Its never going to stop. God I just wish it had worked tonight. I'm very drunk, I'm sorry.
Another day on the couch - I'm just worthlessFeeling worthless, terrible parent. SO is off at job interviews, doing a great job at it, should be landing one soon. Always staying positive, working hard, helping out around the house on top of it all. I can't move from the couch. Got up long enough to make pancakes for my teen. Getting dressed is near impossible. The thought of a shower doing my hair is so overwhelming. I can manage but only when I have to. I'm alone all day. Too much anxiety to leave the house, I can't remember faces and names, my memory is awful I'm afraid to do any thing because of that. Even just doing laundry is over whelming. House is basically clean, but barely. I can barely hold it together. I'm so tired and fatigued all the time. I don't know how to break this cycle. I just want to be normal again. It's been years. I'm 20 lbs over weight (not really that bad I know) so no clothes fit, so getting dressed is near impossible, everything is uncomfortable. I have thyroid issues I can't get diagnosed properly.  Body hurts all the time. I'm talking my meds, but it just doesn't seem to be working. Can't remember the last time I enjoyed anything. I just don't know how to fix me. I wish I had a buddy to do things with for motivation. I have no passion, nothing interests me anymore.
My wife became pregnant around ... Thanksgiving? I believe 2009. Our first child came in 2010. During her pregnancy, I continued to drink. She became maternal. I remained still in college mode, binging on weekends with friends but even drinking too much on weekdays. She was nesting nearly immediately. She comes from a very well-rounded, Catholic family. She had numerous siblings and sort of had that idyllic, upper-middle class lifestyle. Lots of family time. Lots of family outings. They could afford it. I grew up poor, one sibling, addict/alcoholic parents. They loved us to death but could never shake their ghosts and addictions. We surely had family outings, too, but they were confined to closer by. Lots of camping. Basically every weekend in the summers. We just didn't really grow up with that same nuclear family bonding that she did, and so I think this has been a main fracture point between us. On weekends, I want to rest. On weekends, she wants to guarantee the children have some fun thing to do. On top of all of the other fun things they do during the week.
I caught my spouse talking to other people behind my back and she found out recently that she is pregnant.Me and my wife have had a pretty long distance relationship from the start and we've been married for almost two years now. I recently moved to out-of-state for work and she came to visit me for a month and left 23rd of March. A week before she left I caught her in a slick lie when I asked her who she was talking to and she said her brother as she got insanely defensive when I tried to grab her phone. I backed off and when she left her phone unattended, which she never does, and scrolled through her social media apps. I didn't have enough time to snoop for long but I certainly found out shes been keeping contact with certain ex's whom she said she blocked and hated, along with other individuals she's been sexting with. I decided not to tell her because having her be with me and me bringing it up with her thousands of miles away from home would've been a recipe for disaster. When she left, I still never bright it up as I had important work to do and I just needed my head to be clear of any more nonsense because I know if I tell her she will deny everything, try to put the blame on me, or maybe even threaten to harm herself. Yesterday she tells me that she's pregnant and I know for a fact the baby is mine because she's been three weeks pregnant and while she was with me she had her period. I honestly do not want to be with her anymore but I'm scared to bring it up now more than ever because Im scared she might keep me away from my future kid. I'm in a sinkhole and I don't know how to get out. I know I haven't been the perfect husband, but I've always been faithful and I know for a fact I didn't deserve this.
Does anyone else feel like a broken collection of fragile pieces barely being held together by some invisible force?My background and past have left me a shell of person. I can barely even call myself a man. Whenever I envision my "inner self" it's a sobbing man sitting in the corner crying relentlessly. I, of course, am not fortunate enough to actually be able to release my emotional burdens through crying. I just hold it all in, try as I might to let it all out . The worst part is that my brokenness is all my fault. No outside factors or unfortunate disadvantages befell me. I completely ruined my own self and life because of stubborness. Why I'm still here I do not know. I have no family attachments. My friends would be better off without me sucking the fun out of everything with my ineptitude and incompetence. I truly do not know why I continue to endure this suffering we call life. Death is much more preferable than this hell of an existence.
Do you ever feel like you're just not cut out for this world?Inb4 comments like "you're just acting helpless" or "what makes you different from everyone else?" I'm not trying to act helpless or like I'm different. I just feel like I'm too weak. There a lot of things that upset me that... shouldn't. Like I'm terrified of confrontation, to the point where I start shaking. And I can't have arguments. Everything makes me exhausted, after 10 minutes of badminton I couldn't breathe, even getting excited or nervous gives me a headache. It's like I have no energy, I get so tired when doing schoolwork. And I'm very sensitive to what kind of advice I get, stuff like "tough love" gets me close to hyperventilating and I'll be upset for the rest of the day. I just don't know what to do, and I admit it, sometimes I just want to quit. I guess I just have to try harder, but often I feel like I'm too weak and sensitive and I won't make it in the world, and that things would be better if I stopped existing.
Sometimes it's the little things that remind you why you are divorced. Like birthday cake.Celebrated my son's birthday tonight with my stbxw at my place. There was no tension and we all had a nice family dinner, although the younger one was being a bit crazy hitting his older brother so it wasn't very calm. Our son enjoyed opening his gifts although it was strange giving him separate gifts from us each and not from 'mommy and daddy' anymore. But it didn't phase him. I left it up to her to bring the cake as I was doing dinner. I normally make the kids a chocolate birthday cake from scratch with some kind of super hero logo on top with buttercream icing but she has the kitchen-aid mixer to make the cake and I have yet to buy myself one. He decided he wanted an ice cream cake this year. I was a little shocked when I saw what she picked out. It was a discounted heart shaped ice cream cake left over from Valentine's day and not a kids birthday cake. And it was enormously large. Like more ice cream cake than we could all eat or barely fit in the freezer. She said it was either that or a small round cake. The small round cake would have been more than enough. But I bit my tongue. Maybe I am being petty here but come on this was his birthday, not Valentine's day. I find it hard to believe there were no kids themed ice cream birthday cakes. Luckily I had a happy birthday cake topper and a numbered candle to put on it to make it seem like a birthday cake for him. And it was strawberry which the kids didn't even like. So next year I will be buying a mixer and sticking to making the cake myself and if he wants ice cream then he can have ice cream too. But this example reminded me of just how opposite we are and how we think so differently. She sees it as just a cake. But I could tell he wasn't impressed. To keep the peace I thanked her for bringing the ice cream cake. But I will be sticking with making the kids' cakes myself on the years I have them from now on. Sometimes divorce really is clearly a better option than fighting over the little things. Like birthday cake.
My mom took her sideMy mother, the woman that birthed me. The woman that knows how softhearted and kind I am.  The woman that I poured my heart out to a few weeks ago about how devastating my marriage to my emotionally absent, lazy, self absorbed, non functioning adult of a wife was to me.  How I couldn’t bear to stay, how I was terrified of the custody proceedings in my backwards Bible Belt of a city courts system. How I’d been warned by one of the top divorce lawyers in the city to have a custody arrangement in place or else the judge would ONLY award me every other weekend and six weeks in the summer.  How terrified that made me to think I would lose all that time with my kids that depended on me for everything.  How my business that I built from the ground up, that she now has 50% stake in, but doesn’t do jack shit for, was now in jeopardy if I had to give up a huge payout for it.  How I was so scared of losing my house, that I had built with my own two hands.
Keped it all to myself. I was extremely upset about all the little things always pilled up on each other. It got so bad to a point that I was regularly crying myself to sleep. I eventually saw a therapist about is and things  immediately improved. Flash forward to now and I think it’s happening again. I’m getting angry over lots of things. My grades in school are suffering and things are piling up now. But I am taking medicine that could cause depression but I don’t feel that that’s it. I have also found out that I am apart of a group that for the most part is hated (Please don’t hate but I am a furry. But I’m not a dog or named pulse). So I receive a lot of hate irl and deal with my own insecurities about it. I feel like I have no friends that would accept me and not hate on me for being a furry. I don’t want to see a therapist because I feel that this is the only way that people can see how I feel about things. If someone could give advice about this how I can solve this I would be grateful! I will be rechecking this later in the day so if you don’t get a response from me when you post it I will respond when I check on it.
I dropped out of school this week.My friends are talking about colleges. I said I didn't expect to live to 25 because I recently dropped out of school and didn't really know how to explain it to anyone. They casted me away. I never had more than these 4 friends, and we were all strange, but we were strange together. I feel like I'm dead weight to the world, and aside from my extremely low self esteem and chronic reoccurring nightmares I no longer could talk to an instructor without going home and dwelling on it alone for hours. So yes I'm a failure in life, never going to be able to make enough money to have my own place or make a mark on the world. I'm working to keep myself an alive failure, even if my existence is insubstantial and a finantial and physical nuisance to my family. What's the point of living surrounded by people who will look down on you for your lacking education and finantial ability? What's the point of leeching off my family until the pass away and I am truely alone, only to end it then. I was 12 years old when I made a big scar on my left arm, and ever since my life has only gone downhill. Whats my purpose when I can't make friends, ever have a relationship, or have a reasonable conversation with a stranger? What's my purpose when I can't do as much as read a book without the overwhelming dread of never being happy. Is it weird that I sincerely hope there is a hell so I can burn in it, and am comforted by the thought that no one cares about me?
Physically and mentally drainedSo I’m not sure if I’m depressed or bipolar. I’m a single 21 year old male. I believe that life is meaningless and anything anyone has done or ever will do is absolutely pointless for one day it will all end. I’ve given up on finding a girlfriend, I have no ambitions or motivation. I am usually in an internal state, but sometimes there are spurts of perseverance (not sure if I have used that word correctly) and I sometimes have hope. Consequently, similar to a roller coaster rising and falling, I always go back into these dark states. I have the feeling of wanting to die but I don’t want to comment suicide. The thought of just not waking up isn’t so bad to me. My chest is literally always in a state of slight pain, even as I type this. My whole body is falling apart faster than most adults my age. I hate my job, the place I live in, and roughly 90% of the people around me. I cannot change my job or living situation until 2020 for I am bound by contract. I don’t know what to do.
T is for Tinder.  Be smart, don't start.  Yes, it's great to meet new people right now and Tinder might appear to be a tantalizingly simple and quick way to do this.  But it's a trap and trust me, less than a day after you start swiping you'll start seeing humanity in a much different way and start to feel gross about not just the people around you but yourself.   You're more than a swipe.  They are more than a height or a gym selfie. Now is not the time to minimize yourself or the amazing people around you you haven't met yet. So instead of installing Tinder try Meetup or join an adult sports league.  Tell friends you'd like to meet new people and have them introduce you to their social groups.  Be proactive in filling your life with the people who are best for you right now, don't let them choose you.  Just because somebody wants to date you or take up your time doesn't mean you need to let them.  It only takes a handful of quality people in your life to itch that social bone so curate your friends and only hang out with those who make you feel better about yourself. Watch out for those drag you into destructive habits like excessive drinking or substances.  Hobby groups are great for meeting people; join a baking class; go to a wine and paint night; show up at a town hall meeting or volunteer at a local charity.  Allow people with similar interests or passions to start filtering into your life. But trust me when I tell you that the biggest lesson you'll learn from Tinder is that you can't fuck away the pain.
i dont know what to do anymorei cant stop these obsessive intrusive thoughts. my mind keeps going in circles around the one thing im trying to avoid and not think about at all. the harder i try to push it away, the harder it comes back and the deeper it hurts. i keep trying to distract myself, but my mind always pulls me back to it. i cant even function anymore. i cry all day long, and have frequent emotional and mental meltdowns, because i cant stop thinking about this, and worrying about it. so far the only advice ive found is to find something that captures my interest, and focus all my attention and efforts on it. but nothing works. nothing else matters but this thing. nothing else has made me feel as good, or even at all. i need more of it like a drug, that i need just to function and not go through withdrawals. even actual drugs cant help take my mind off of it. ive tried. maybe i just dont have enough. i cant afford enough alcohol or drugs to not be conscious anymore. the only thing that makes sense to me is to die to end the pain. ive tried but i cant escape the spiral.
He and I had an agreement that we would have three joint accounts. One Checking and two savings. The checking account we would each put $500 a week into. The savings accounts will be labeled A and B. Saving account A is our primary savings account, B is as he calls it "The Auxiliary." Every week we would deposit $150 into the primary savings account, and $50 into the Auxiliary savings. Every month we would take 15% of the 4k we'd put in and 10% of 600 we'd put into the primary savings and invest it into what our financial adviser recommended. The auxiliary account was our 'Vacation and discretionary' savings account. We would typically use that money at the end of each year to plan our vacations for the next year. Aside from that, we kept separate finances. E was always forth right about his own finances and money with me (as was I with him). He kept separate investments and a portfolio for himself, E did not keep a lot of cash in his checking accounts, he put of his money into his portfolio. As far as I know, he also never had any sort of student loans or heavy debts. He drives the same car he did when he was 18 in 2019 (a 2004 Crown Victoria) which he paid off in 2009. He kept a very small mortgage on the Townhouse we purchased, and made the initial down payment from his own account.
MeI am a shell of who I was just mere months ago. I was happy, doing well in school, had a pretty decent number of friends (for an introvert) and everything was great. But I took it for granted. I forgot that it would come back, even though deep down I've always known it would come back, and always will come back. I will deal with this for the rest of my life. There will always be times that I only wish to die in my sleep. I dont know how long I can take temporary happiness when depression is constantly ready to rear its head right back into my life. I dont want to live that life, *my* life. I dont want my family to always be worried about if "todays the day". I worry enough for all of them. But they'll never truly understand. Sure, they might know what sadness and anxiety feel like, but they will never understand how devastatingly painful every waking minute of my life has become. I hate myself because I cant fix it. The best way I can put it is that my life isnt full of darkness anymore, because It has taken me over. I have become the darkness, and I despise myself for it.
I'm gonna go out smilling with tears in my eyes. I'm scared and excited, I don't really know what's come over me. I was okay last night but when I woke up, I don't know it's just this strong, strong, painful unbearable conviction to end my life.Gggggggggggg       Edit** It has been about 5 days since I wrote this, and I am alive. I lost my phone in the accident, I'm using my PlayStation. Until I get a phone or computer replies will be difficult. Im gonna keep the story short until I get some easier way to communicate. After I wrote this, I went through with my attempt. I called 911 on twhile I was driving on a highway and they alerted a cop who was on his way home. I was pushing 100 swerving in and out of traffic. As soon as I saw his lights come on I crossed the center median into oncomming traffic trying to hit a semi. I lost control of my vehicle and rolled twice into a ditch, through a fence on the other side of the road. Apparently, there was a dead deer laying their and its antlers prevented the vehicle from rolling any further.I dont know how I got out and I walked over to the cop with my hands held high. He sat me down and talked with me and shortly there after I was transported by ambulance to the nearest hospital. I saw my vehicle and their was such a small chance of me surving, the passenger would have been dead. When I can Ill upload a picture. I was then transported by helicopter to a different hospital to be looked at. I had no major injuries except a small gash on the left side of my head and a possible mild concussion I still need to get looked at for. The accident happened Wednesday morning and Thursday night i was moved to a medical center for troubled teens where i had therapy sessions and counceling for suicide, depression and to develop coping skills. I was released about 4 hours ago.
Seeking for a listenerLife’s been really difficult for me the past few weeks...It’s not that I don’t get support from my family and friends, it’s just that they don’t really understand what I’m feeling. I am having difficulty expressing it. In school, other than the tremendous amount of weighted assignments I have to deal with, I still have to be committed to my cocurricular activity afterwards. I’m currently struggling to play my instrument well, I tried.  I really did try, but there’s no motivation for me at all. I feel so demoralised every time the conductor singles me out and makes me play alone, finally concluding that my junior plays better than me and I shouldn’t play for that part. As a senior I really feel ashamed but I don’t have the time to stay dedicated to practices. Studies is especially important to me this year and people just don’t get that I have my own priorities too. I recognise my mistake for not being passionate enough but I really feel that there’s nothing I can do about it, it’s already too late. This whole cycles just keeps repeating itself - me trying my best to score well, me going for band, me getting scolded in front of everyone, me feeling really sad and demoralised, me crying when I get back home, me doing my homework till midnight...I’m trying my best to stay committed to everything as much as possible already, why can’t they understand? Why do I feel like they are just trying to prove me wrong by shaming me? Thankfully, these practices are stopping in June and I can finally take a mental break by then.
30 days After Divorce Final!!! There is life Again!!!Wife after 11 years married and 5 dating moved out nov 5th 2017.  Found out she was with her boss.  Well, the divorce was quick and with no attorneys. She held true to the deal, left me everything pretty much.  The first 2 months were rough but now I'm glad she's gone.  Went on my first date last Friday and it was awesome.  I was very nervous but it went great.  I'm here to tell you guys it's only been 5 months for me since she left but i'm doing great.  I couldn't care less about what she's doing, I don't want to talk to her or see her face for that matter.  I never would've thought I'd be in this place but I am.  All the new people entering into divorce don't worry, it's going to be alright.  I know  you may feel like it's the end of the world but it isn't.  I promise you will shake it off.  These 6 months went by fast and your's will too.  Hang in there, it gets better, heck I'd even say it get's amazing.  Don't be reckless with other peoples hearts and don't put up with people who are reckless with yours.
i don't eat because of school stressI'm currently a sophomore in high school right now, and last semester I got so stressed from my schoolwork that it created an eating problem for me. In freshman year, I was totally fine but last semester it got really hard. I haven't eaten breakfast on a REGULAR basis since fourth grade, so not eating breakfast doesn't affect me. But then the schoolwork hit, and I started skipping lunch to study or finish stuff. Eventually, I got to the point where I wouldn't eat lunch for four out of the five weekdays. Most of my friends think I am anorexic now, but I'm not {im pretty dang happy with my body}, it's just school stress. I also have an unfortunate habit of not eating when I get stressed, so I started eating less and less dinner. Now my friends AND my parents think I'm anorexic which is fcking awful because everyone's treating me really weirdly. You're probably thinking, well that's not possible you can't go without eating. Basically my meals have been reduced to either a snack in the morning or a snack in the afternoon {snack basically equals sliced fruit} or sometimes neither. Instead, it comes out at like eleven at night when i finish my homework. I once ate fourteen oranges at eleven thirty at night while watching netflix after i finished my homework for reference. My new years resolution is to eat at normal times, but because all the above became a habit, i never really feel hungry until it hits late night. This is probably too long and boring for anyone to care, cause we're all just stressed here, but at least i get to vent and put all the shit in words u know. Any advice is great no advice is great too skrt skrt it's time to die
words vs actions and letting gohey y'all! I've been lurking on this thread for a while now and would love to hear other peoples opinions. All little back story... I (30m) have been married to my wife (30f) for about 4 years (together almost 9 years), have an almost 3 yo son, wife moved out about a month ago/wanted to separate to "find herself/doesn't know what she wants"/not sure if she is going to come back or not, claims there is no one else (I believe she had or is having an emotional affair), I filed for divorce the same week she moved out =), told her im not going to sit around and wait for her to make up her mind, she immediately said she wants to "work on us" and go to counseling, told her I cannot do marriage counseling through my insurance because I already have a therapist and I would have to give him up to do marriage counseling (I've offered to give up my counselor for us several times) she says she is going to call her insurance and set something up but every time I ask about her contacting her insurance, she gets mad that I'm "telling her what to do" or  something along the lines of "Oh I was really busy at work/didn't have time to call but I sent them an email." Basically words are coming out of her mouth but no actions are being taken... I'm having a hard time letting go of her/ I still have some hope in the back of my mind that she does want to work on us even though her actions aren't showing. would like others peoples perspective on this.
I hold her in my arms and she melts, and I melt into her.  When I tell her I love her, laugh-lines radiate from the corners of her eyes.  We both know we're still in the throes of "new love", and all that implies - the starry-eyed tunnel vision that lets us overlook the flaws and pet peeves that will come in time. But we're old and wise enough to not be complete fools.  We keep a weather eye on the horizon, while embracing the joy we have now.  In particular, there is the thrill of sharing things that would have been awkward and uncomfortable in our past lives.  Gone is the fear and anxiety we used to have around insecurities, or how our exes would react to them; instead, we laugh at our physical imperfections, we openly explore our hangups and anxieties about life and love, we talk candidly of our hopes for the future as well as the realities of what lies ahead.  For both of us, there is real pleasure in sharing these things that would have been such a struggle to deal with in past relationships.
I can't escapeI'm stuck. I hate my job, but if I quit I'll get kicked out. I'm so tired from super early morning shifts that I'm afraid to sleep and fail to wake up to my alarm and miss shifts. I'm dealing with rape trauma that had resurfaced after a year because I'm in such a terrible state of mind. I take Xanax just to get through my day without having an anxiety attack. There are so many roots to my mental decline that I can't seem to find my way up again. I'm certain I have a serious STD from said rape that I can't pay to have tested because I spend all of my paycheck to bills and rent. I just want to get wasted and take all of my Xanax and just fade away. It's always something. I haven't been ok. I don't feel like I'll ever be ok. At this rate, I'm going to die because I just can't take it or the STD won't get treated and kill me. I'm going to die. I feel it looming. I just can't decide if I want to put up with it anymore. I can't afford life on a money scale. It's cheaper to die, and that breaks my heart. I'm stuck, and I'm sinking fast.
My life and My PainHi reddit, My name is Daniel (awkward silence as i dunno how to end that sentence...) anyways lets get straight to my story aka My sadness has been with me since I was a child, I remember barely surviving my birth (born premature)  at the age of 16 I was told by my parents that they didn't want me, but that they were proud yet hurt of how kind I was/am to them, they were hurt because of how they treated me all my life (hearing this was something i couldn't take at the time so i took a knife and tried to end my life then) also i forgot to mention I whom was born as the second eldest was treated as a parasite I had never known the love of a parent until It was far too late...the damage was done. Girlfriends...well sad to say but my childhood crush regected me (I couldn't gather the courage to tell her how I felt until one day she had a break up and was crying...it hurt seeing her cry so I told her how i felt) definitely not my brightest moments nor the best timing for that...soon after i dropped out of highschool at the age of 19 I had completed My associates of applied science degree (For Graphics Design) also before i forget to mention after dropping out of highschool I began to smoke weed (it was the only thing that helped at the time) and I may have checked out what all the buzz was with that "White Girl" (although I never had a bad experience with it i prefer cannabis). (continuing) after I got out of college i had no idea what i wanted to do, but I hit up my father to see if He had any openings where he worked (Construction) as luck would have it they needed Me, without a second thought I joined the following day. Hiding my depression and inner most dark thoughts i continued working for two years almost 3 now I feel myself falling apart, I need help (not that I haven't sought help far too many times only to be disappointed). I don't know how much longer I can keep this up for...I have lots more to say but I'm not the best at saying what i need to say (maybe I'll share more upon request), for any whom stuck around till the end I thank you for reading this little bit about Me, sincerely Daniel (Egosummortem) I'll be glad to share more about myself just send Me a PM if you have questions or input. (Sorry if i didn't post this in the correct thread)
She was proud of me, because, last year, on the drive back home from the airport, she told me I had overcome so much, in regard to all my troubles and suicidal behaviour since 2015. I don’t want the same fate as her, because I feel responsible for this world, regardless of how much evil is committed every day, and I want to change it for the better in my life. Aside from the times that we fell-out, I tried to socialise with her, as she usually locked herself in her room and played music. I gave her documents that she requested me to print-out; I asked if she wanted to play Smash Bros. (I tried to teach her how to play, and I remember the time that I had a 300% handicap and still won); I asked if she wanted to get into the same cartoon shows as me (Steven Universe, Invader Zim, Star Vs. The Forces of Evil, etc.). I respected her decision to focus on her studies (I would have done the same), and I thought she would finally be able to spend this time with me during the summer, after finishing her undergraduate degree.
I've done meditation, I'm in a defense taekwondo  class currently ( I was physically abused so I'm pretty messed up in a lot of ways), I'm the secretary of a club on campus and try to do art things like inktober this month (haven't really been able to stick with it and instead of stress relief, became a chore). When working and doing homework I usually listen to binaural beats and chillhop together to try and boost concentration. I just somehow find myself staring at a blank screen, and getting distracted by anything and everything, and I'm just so tired all the time, like i can feel my breathing being much slower and calmer which is great, but as a result it feels like I in general am so slow. Drinking caffeine just makes me feel like I'm moving even slower somehow, my anxiety and ocd come back a little bit, and a cup of coffee only helps for about an hour. I feel like this entire post is just all over the place. Definitely goes to show the state I'm in. I used to be such a great student, able to handle 17+ credits with a 3.7gpa studying and working hard all the time.  I just want to get back to that point. Now, I get back home at 5pm exhausted, clean and make food, take care of my pup, before I know it its 8pm and I didn't even start work that needs to be done.
I just want him to fightStarted the process for divorce today. Can’t believe I am writing this. Ours me (30F) husband (29M) will be fairly simple I believe. I am the one that doesn’t want it but I refuse to play the back and forth game due to having an 8 year old daughter. I changed my direct deposits today to my personal account, called car insurance company and got put on my own policy, working on separating phone bill. Thankfully we rent and our lease is ending soon. We have until 4-17 to give our notice that we will leave 5-31. He is not my daughters bio father so there won’t be any custody issues to deal with. I pray that he doesn’t abandon her but only time will tell. I feel as if the issue in our marriage is very manageable with just a little effort. And I didn’t throw in the towel until I saw my daughter completely distraught and inconsolable. At that point I drew a hard line. Both of us have been really immature in the past and thrown out the word divorce and I believe it was mostly to get a reaction. But I can’t keep playing games. I am ready to accept the fact that this most likely will lead to me losing the love of my life. Every time I have brought up another “step” like getting my own insurance, making an appointment with the lawyer, etc. he is fine with it. So I am doing these things and taking the steps towards a full separation of any and everything that will lead to our divorce.
I'm uselessI don't really know where to begin with this. I guess starting from the beginning would be wise. As a kid I never had s problem socializing, I was always the kids who could hang out with the cool kids and still get along with anyone. Then we moved just before highschool. I don't really know how to explain it but it's almost as if some sort of switch just turned off in me. I struggled finding any new friends, was awkward and became unusually shy and quiet. My parents never seemed to pay attention to this change bc my grades remained great straight A's. My sister, a year younger than me also seemed to drift away at this point, parents were more focused on keeping her in line, never gave a worry about me and I didn't give them a reason to until my senior year of highschool. At this point I've made a couple of close friends but my grades began to slip and it almost jeopardized any chances of getting into a good college. I understand at this point this story seems like a petty first world issue but inside my head I was lacking all motivation at all, it is a very hard thing to describe. Anyways it seemingly had a happy ending where I got into my first choice college anyways but even once I got there I was an empty shell. I was hoping I would be able to at least make friends with my roommate but for almost the whole first month he was MIA. Honestly at first I was ok with it I had privacy. But in reality privacy was the last thing I needed, I almost didn't talk to anyone in my time there so you'd think I'd at least get my grades in order. But as I've said the only thing I felt was like I was an empty shell of what I was, the longer the semester went on the worse it got and the less motivation I had to do anything. I tried going to football games, went out but I was too socially inept to really make a difference at this point. Things stacked up against me even more when I got problems in my lower back, something that isn't supposed to happen to a 19 year old college kid. I struggled with that and myself long story short by the end of first semester I ended up back at home. This was absolutely soul crushing, on top of the empty feeling this just proved I was useless. All I did was create problems for people around me. I had become distant from the few friends I had back home. My back has been causing expenses, switching to local college has also added more expenses. Exactly quote fromy father today "you can never do anything to make a life even a little bit easier can you". Honest answer right now is no I don't think I can so why should I continue to make it worse. This isn't the first time I've had these kind of thoughts. Since returning home the only thing that has kept me from acting on these has been my dog. It sounds stupid, and it very well may be a dumb reason but it is what it is. I've become a useless shell of the person everyone expected to be. My parents, my teachers, everyone around me had set my expectations so high and I didn't even come close. I've done nothing but dissapoint everyone around me including myself. The only things that still bring me an ounce of joy nowadays is my dog and football. Not playing football I quit that a long time ago but there's just something about watching my Eagles play that lets me forget about everything. But even know my parents thing sports has been becoming a distraction for me and ridicule everything I know or do with it. I'm this close to failing everyone again and I don't know if I can handle it. If it wasn't for my dog greeting me with unconditional love every day I would have ended it by now. I know this write up seems all over the place but that's just how I am right now. I don't really only why I'm writing this to be quite honest but I just wanted to share how i was actually feeling to literally anyone even if it's random strangers on Reddit because of the toll putting this emotionless mask on has taken on me recently.
I just wanna stop (don’t listen to me)I just want to stop. I don’t know what I mean by that, but I just really want to stay where I am right now. In my bed, scrolling through Reddit hours on end as I anticipate school tomorrow. Seeing places like this make me happy, because there really isn’t anyone trying to come onto here and say “everything is going to be okay”. I hate that cheesy shot. The kids I go to school with all do the most retarted (actual definition, not insult way) crap and it makes me slouch everyday, giving up on humanity more and more. Yes, when I talk about school I mean like I’m 13. “I’m so young where I probably just have teen depression” no. I had 6 friends in my life who I had known for my whole life. Then my parents decide to move about 20 minutes away from my house halfway through 5th grade, and one of my friends decides to move in across from me. I started going to a private school an hour away from my house in 6th grade, and 4 of my 6 friends decided to bail on me, not their fault though. I still have 2 friends left, and I barely even talk to them, even the one across from my street. I don’t want to lose them. They love football, I’m lazy and inactive. When I tell my parents I want to go back to the school I would’ve gone to with my friends, they say “oh you have a higher iq than normal people so that’s a good school for you”. Bullshite. I don’t like the kids there, and you could consider the teachers my friends because I don’t really talk to anyone else. I’ve pleaded with my mom and dad to go to a different school, but they just ignore me. I wish I could cry, but I’m so accustomed to just keeping it in that I almost literally cannot cry about it, also because I feel like I’m not special at all because of how much people are more depressed than me about worse stuff. They want me to graduate from this school. I’d rather attempt suicide one more time and actually be successful than do that. There’s NOTHING ahead for me in life, and no “you’re too young” bull crap, because I’ve tried to think about something actually helpful to the community that I could do, not helpful to McDonald’s. I am expected to go to college, my sister is at college, and my brother is in 11th. I feel like even if I did find something, my parents wouldn’t like what field of whatever I would want to be in, and disapprove of it. I feel like should stop this once my cat dies, because I feel, no I KNOW that my cat is the last thing that I’m not teetering off the edge of loosing. I think I’ll chicken out of it at the last second cause I’m weak. I know my parents are gonna get angry at me if I told them I had my phone upstairs, and I was up till 4. I can’t tell anybody anything, because if I do my mom will probably get me another physiologist or whatever they’re called, but I still am really bad at not saying that stuff. It’s gotten to the point where when I say something serious about my depression, people write it off as a joke because they know I joke about that kinda stuff. I guess I’m kinda happy that they do so I don’t have to see a phy-whatever again. Don’t say stupid stuff in the comments like “don’t joke about suicide” “it’ll get better soon” or “stay happy” etc. I’m ranting on here because I feel like this is a place where people don’t feel obliged to say that sort of stuff. Whatever, thanks for listening to me for the -20000 that’ll actually read this instead of getting bored of my adhd (and add too) and depression fueled rambling. I’ll see you some other day reddit peeps.
I've never posted on redit before but this I suppose will be my first, let's see how this goes...Sometimes I wonder why everyone around me manages the be so happy, they get everything they want, get the girl/guy of their dreams and live happily ever after. It don't make sense to me. I've had a lot of shit go on at the moment, I've got teachers bullying me, and I'm in trouble right now for headbutting one of my so called friends for making fun of my dreppresion and anxiety. My nan might die aswell, so a lot of stuff on my plate. Going back to the guy/girl of someone's dreams, this is one of the main parts that eating away at me. About 2 months ago (may seem like a long time to some but for me this shit means the world) I ,somehow, managed to go out with a girl so amazing in my eyes. Everytime I saw her, my chest felt like nothing, having her close brightened up every aspect of my life. She broke up with me because of reasons that she didn't want to tell me...I see this girl almost everyday at school. I've tried to avoid her because honestly, seeing her cripples me. I, right now am struggling with everything to do with her.
so at around midnight on 5/31/18 i woke up to my brother coming into my room and screaming that our mom tried to kill herself and that she wasn’t breathing. i immediately got up and went outside, i went into the backyard and into the garage, where my step father was trying really hard to give her CPR. she tried to kill herself by hanging, she took an electrical cord and draped it over a hook on the ceiling, and wrapped it around her neck. thankfully because of how poor her attempt was, she wasn’t fully hanging off of the ground, and was mostly on the ground. we don’t know how long she was out there and we don’t know how long her airway had been cut off. anyway, as soon as my step father got her to start gasping for breath, the paramedics showed up and put an oxygen mask on her. they took her away into the ambulance and my brother, me, and my step father got ready to go to the hospital. eventually we ended up in the ER waiting for answers about my mom. they had first told us that she might have suffered significant brain damage and could end up brain dead. however, they took her to get a CT scan of her brain, and they then told us that they don’t see any significant damage to the brain, no swelling or bleeding, and her neck was not injured significantly. i’m so thankful that the damage that was done wasn’t worse. after the horrifying news we decided to wait to see her, talk to her a little, and then go home. when we were able to go see her i went in first. she was breathing so hard and she was in a coma. i don’t know how long her brain went without oxygen and i just really hope that she wakes up and can make even somewhat of a recovery. all we know as of right now (5:00 AM on 5/31/18) is that she is stable but in critical condition, and now we’re just waiting for her to wake up. i have a lot of thoughts going on in my head right now but mostly i just want her to wake up and not be a vegetable. the only thing i’m really worried about is the fact that she was drinking so much alcohol when she did it, and with her asthma and obesity she’s more at risk of complications.. you really don’t know how much you miss someone and realize how much better you should treat someone until something like this happens. i just wanted to vent about it because everyone is asleep now and i haven’t been able to even think about sleeping. i’m ending my vent here. i love you mom, please wake up.
I'll never make my dreamMy dream is to be a mom. It's all I want really, family is everything to me. But I dont think it'll ever happen, or at least not anytime soon. I'm 16 right now (dont want them until I'm married and at least 20) but even then I dont think I can wait 10+ years just filling time until its socially acceptable to settle down. I just really wish I could one day find a husband and I can be a homemaker. I know this seems to traditional and trust me I've tried to deny my dream for so long. Everyone around me is always telling me I should get a career and be an "independent woman" but I just dont see how I could be happy slaving away for a salary. I know I can probably never find someone who would complete my dream with me. The only reason why I haven't ended it yet is because my parents would be sad. But it seems more and more compelling each day to just kill myself and get this all over with. Any advice is welcome please.
Yes, well, my situation. My wife is a liar. That is not a cute way of being misogynistic. She lied to me about very specific things when we first met, has lied to me about other very serious things through our relationship. YES i am not getting into the details for personal reasons. But I can't stay with her anymore. I have only given in this relationship and I am DONE. Yet, I am also broke, and living with her parents (AGAIN) and we have two children. She barely works due to her "health". I state that in quotations due to the fact that even her sister has caught her lying about hospital visits. Her SISTER is done with her an has even told me "Yes, you should get the fuck out of that marriage." Bit I am stuck in this vicious cycle. I am trying to make positive changes in my life by going back to school, seeking out better employment ( in my own half-assed way) but I still fall into the same trap of feeling that this is all for naught. I cannot escape this prison of my own design...
I made the biggest mistake of my life and I don't even know why I did it.Last week, I got really drunk with my friends. We were having a great time, at the end of the night I went back to my dorm and started looking at Snapchat stories. I saw one from a girl I used to have a crush on about 4 years back and being drunk me, even stupider than sober me, decided to get a little flirty with her and that was the end of that. I woke up at 2:30 pm, not even really remembering anything from the night before, and had to quickly get ready for my class. I got out and started walking with my friends to dinner when my girlfriend of almost 3 years texted me, furious, asking what and why the fuck I did what I did. At that moment I remembered. I instantly felt sick to my stomach and felt like I was going to pass out. I tried to act fine in front of my friends as best as I could, walked back with them to the dorms, and told them I had to go and ran and locked myself inside my room. I called her and she said what needed to be said, I cheated on her and she doesn't even know what to do anymore. I didn't argue with her once because she was 100% right. I made the biggest mistake of my life. I love her, I want to marry her one day, why the fuck did I do that? I don't even feel that way towards the girl I texted, why did I even text her... All that I could think about is how I actually fucking ruined the relationship with the one person I loved in my life. And I don't even know why. I couldn't stop fucking crying. I just couldn't figure out why I fucked up so bad... All the feelings of self hatred that have been with me for years that had seemed to go away once I left for college were coming back out. I just wish I knew how to tell my love that she means more to me than anyone. I know I'm not good at showing emotion, and how I could get her to forgive me... she's literally all I want in my life, and somehow, like everything, I managed to fuck that up too.
I just cant anymoreI believe that I'm falling back into depression. I know why, it's because of my own actions. My sister says I'm annoying, idiot, selfish, curse words, etc. One of my friends call me delusional and stupid. People only talk to me because their friends leave them. People think I'm a liar no matter what I say. I'm stupid for talking too fast. All of friends are slowly leaving me for other people. I only have one friend that only talks to me because they pity me. I get it now, I'm the tutorial. The most boring part of the game of life. People don't enjoy talking to me, they either deal with me or ignore me like the  invisible person I am. I'm really sorry if none of this makes sense to you, I really just wanted to let it all out. I was put on this world just to be a tutorial. I was never meant to be in anyone's life. I just shoved myself in like the selfish person I am. If you were in my life, thank you for at least breathing in my direction and giving me a chance that I screwed up like the klutz that I am. If you don't want my post on this site just tell me, you didn't do anything wrong, I did.
My husband just stopped using meth but also just left me for a 26 yr old.That’s such a humiliating confession. We’ve been married for almost 5 years, together for 12. We have a four year old daughter, own a home. I have a professional career and so did he up until approximately 2.5 years ago at which point he got heavily into methamphetamine. Predictably, chaos ensued. He went through multiple half-hearted attempts at quitting at my behest but nothing stuck. His business partner caught on quick and when he called him out on his disorganization and unreliable behavior my husband spontaneously walked away from the business, said he didn’t need anyone’s judgments and would start his own company. That attempt cost us nearly everything we had and tanked within a year. But again, in his eyes the business failed not because he bit off more than he could chew and exercised poor judgment but because the people in his life including myself didn’t help him enough.
How I lost my passionYou just don’t wake up and say I lost my passion it just slowly starts happening over time. I got diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis back when I was only 15 years old. This doesn’t really come into play until a year later when I end up in the hospital. I’m prone to getting really sick and being put in the hospital. After the second visit in the hospital I lost all my hopes of being in the military. I wanted to serve my country. I wanted to make my mother and father proud. With Ulcerative Colitis that wouldn’t be the case. The second visit in the hospital is the time I got diagnosed with depression and anxiety. They go hand in hand if you ask me. Everything I once wanted to do in life went down the drain. I never got back into my high spirits before being diagnosed. I got homeschooled from being too sick to attend classes. I didn’t have much friends because I wanted to save myself from the judgment and harsh words from other kids. The attendance lady in my high school had Ulcerative Colitis. I was not alone anymore. I shared with her everything I possibly could. I learned in tenth grade all these things I possibly could about this disease. The one thing I wish I had found was the online support groups. I remember sitting with my mother one day and telling her that college wasn’t for me and I knew I couldn’t handle the stress of being in school full time. Well my father told me I could go to college for free because he hadn’t used his GI bill when he was in the military. I then decided that college was in my future. Who the hell doesn’t want to college for free? I started at the community college in my city. I knew college wasn’t right for me at this time when I couldn’t figure out what major I wanted to take. I chose photography and I didn’t even own a camera. I was very depressed with living in the city I was in because I saw the cycle of the African Americans and I knew in my heart that’s not what I wanted. I wanted to be someone and be someone out the city I was in. I was so determined to get the hell out anyone who offered me the dream to leave I was taking it. I started talking to a guy who I went to the same high school with. He said we should get married. I took that as a sign that I need to pack my stuff and move. I moved all the way to the other side of the country. You can tell that I was young. Young folks do things at the drop of the hat. I should’ve listen to the voice that meant the world to me. Not to go just stay here and build something together. But that sweet voice never told me that the love was there. Sweet voice didn’t lead me on to believe something would blossom into a flower. All of this brings me today. The day I started writing this book. I told my father a few days ago that I had lost my passion for everything I once wanted to do. He suggested that I write a book. My first thought was come on now no one would buy my book and who is going to take my seriously. Well I gave it some thought. Here I am sitting on the laptop my father bought me typing my life into the words. Telling you how I lost my passion. The reason I am here today is because the guy I met in high school I ended up marrying. It was rushed and it didn’t have a stable foundation. It was doomed from the very beginning nothing can stand without a solid foundation. I didn’t know my husband well and he didn’t know me. We weren’t compatible if that even makes sense. We are far too much alike than we are different. The family member I stayed with when I moved here didn’t want me staying with him. The family member was very old school. But old school doesn’t work this day and age anymore. No one can get to know someone if you can spend nights together. I was screwed from the very beginning. I got married on a chilly Monday morning in November. I was broke and he had just got paid. I ate the food that he could afford and I gained weight from it. We slept in a twin size bed. I sort of miss those days. Then at times I miss being back in my city doing as I pleased with whomever I wanted. I craved the friendship of people. I moved into my first apartment shortly after I got married and we slept on the floor. Who knew carpet could be so hard? After 2 weeks of hard carpet the mattress came and I cried. I was struggling as a newlywed. All I remember from being in that apartment is the yelling and arguments. I couldn’t find a job for shit then. I couldn’t stop crying, I was unhappy, I was far away from my family, and I couldn’t cook. My life was so miserable and no one could fix it. My husband left me in the house to go to work so I didn’t have the car. Imagine being in the house weeks without much human interaction. I wanted to meet people I wanted to see California. My birthday came and I didn’t get much but a gift card from my father to buy some new clothes. Thank you daddy you always save the day. My father also sent me my first pot set. Pots I barely used because I didn’t know have the things to cook or even how to make anything. The first people I met was two people from his job and another guy and his wife. I was so happy to meet people. I had Thanksgiving with these same people. We would later in December go to the jobs Christmas party. I met up with the couple who I had Thanksgiving with and I met another lifelong friend. The lifelong friend helped me so much. She shared her story with me and let me know that I was not alone in this and to keep my spirits up. Christmas day comes and my husband has to work so my lifelong friend invited me to go with her and her husband to his family’s house. I wanted to cry the whole night. I missed my family and I was thankful another family would take me in and give me gifts. I want to cry right now thinking about it. New Year’s night we sat in my husband’s good friend room and brought it in. We started having financial problems so we decided to move into a secure place. The secure place was so much better and I met my neighbors. My neighbor’s wife hadn’t really met other wives so we hung out all the time while our husbands were at work. I learned yet another story about another person. We ate over there like crazy. The neighbor wife was so happy to have people over. Valentine’s Day comes and we had a blast we got matching tattoos. Tattoos I would later regret and wish I hadn’t gotten. Remember young folks do things at the drop of a hat. I flew home right after Valentine’s Day. I cried every day I was there I was miserable just like I had been before. I didn’t have a purpose there and that’s why I left. My passion was lost in that city in that home that I lived in. I just wanted to come back to the other side of the country. Little did I know that I didn’t have a passion here either. My passion was not going to come back and pop up in dreams. My passion died to long ago. I lost myself in the marriage I was currently in. I didn’t know who I had become. I don’t even like who I’ve became. This nice person that just says what people want to hear. The sweet voice was back home and seeing the sweet voice and others made me want to be the person I use to be. Turning into someone I wasn’t reminded me what my goal was potentially supposed to be. Where was I going with life? My husband and I would throw the word divorce around like crazy. I got a temporary job driving and I was ecstatic. Then I was let go and my life just turned upside down again. I questioned everything that I could be doing wrong. People don’t realize the fault normally lies within. I just sucked it up and continued being a fucking housewife because that’s what my husband fucking expected! I don’t even like fucking cooking. I got tired of cleaning up and I wanted him to help. This led us into more arguments because he brings home the money. I wanted to flip tables I could get my license and make more money than him. Show him that being a housewife isn’t something I like nor do I want to do. I remember my husband asking me to go back to school. He told me that’s the easiest way to get out the house. I was like you know what I can go back. So I enrolled and started making plans to go back full time once again. Only this community college had the trade I once took when I went to a trade high school. Auto Body and Repair! Now that my mind is clear I don’t ever remember knowing what I wanted to be when I grew up. I changed my career so many times I can’t remember what my destiny was here. I still can’t figure out what I wanted to do and I’m turning 20 in a month. I feel almost like a blank piece of paper. I can’t even make choices without someone’s help. I want to blame this on someone else for always giving me two options. But the only person fault this is my own. I sit here and still don’t know what the hell I want to do for the rest of my life. I don’t want to be a housewife but I also know I don’t want to stand up on my feet either. When will the time come and I know what I want to do? I just want to live right now and be a free soul. I want someone else to sponsor me and let me do as I please. But asking to pay for things is a really hard task. No one wants to take care of someone else that isn’t benefitting them. Sweet voice is always there in my mind telling me that whatever I do sweet voice will be there. Why didn’t I marry sweet voice? I know I would’ve had my passion back with Sweet voice. But taking a chance on love is a real gamble and Sweet voice isn’t worth losing. One day Sweet voice will be my husband and I’ll have my passion back. I guess praying for that would be my main goal.
Yesterday, she spent the day with my mom, whom she is nice to, but she gets aggravated by very easily.  When she got home and the kids went to bed, she completely flipped out - she said that I don't help with the laundry or fix anything and that I just use my phone and don't do anything until I'm screamed at.  This is far from the truth - I clean, I do the dishes, I cook dinner, I watch the kids when I'm working from home so she can go to Crossfit or shopping.  I work overtime as much as possible during the week in the morning.  On the weekends, I get up around 6-7am with the kids and bring them downstairs so she doesn't have to get up until 9 or 10.  I do laundry, but I normally only put my stuff and the kid's stuff away - this is because she will never show me how to fold/put away her things to her liking.  Any time I've asked her to show me, she just gets mad and says that she'll just do it rather than teach me because it will be quicker.  She gets mad at me because on the weekends, I'll go to do something - mow the lawn, weed, etc... and she says that I should be watching the kids because the weekends are her free time and she should be able to do the things that she wants done.  But, when I sit and watch the kids while she's doing something, she gets mad that I'm not doing anything , so I'm screwed either way.  It just seems like she's always mad at me and that's not what I want.  I just want her to be happy.
Im not sure why i wrote this2 years ago is when i started to feel really depressed and it still hasnt changed. I was 15, had a suspicion my mum was cheating on my dad so i decided to go onto her facebook as i knew her login. I shouldnt of but i did. There i came across messages which confirmed my suspicion, i showed my dad the messages the morning he returned from work. We both sat crying. He confronted her and she admitted to it. Turns out she had been cheating for a while... For days/nights i had to stick by my dad and make sure he didnt do anything bad as he was saying he wasnt carrying on with life. I cant put into words how much all of this effected me. I was just 15 and it was all too much for me. My mother moved out and took my youngest brother with her he was 5 at the time, for weeks on end i didnt see him that also crushed me. I was also in my last year of highschool and had to prepare to take my final exams. That year of highscool i had around 50% attendance. I refused to go into school as that would only cause me unwanted stress. I only went in school to sit the exams and left straight after. Tbh i cant even remember sitting them. Anyways i failed them meaning i left school with 0 qualifications yay me right? -_-
     But the mind just doesn't let me off that easy. No matter how hard I try, I cannot stop my mind from running rampant. I can wake up before the sun, spend all day thinking, planning, rationalizing, negotiating, worrying, coordinating, stressing, reassuring,  and 1,000 other things that the mind has to do while going through the divorce. But when the sun goes down, and my body hurts or it isn't being forced to go on because the time for work is over, it will stay perfectly still. It's unfair that it's so impossible stop my mind from running wild without my consent. I can stay up all night sometimes without moving, never falling asleep. I didn't think that was possible but I was so wrong. I've seen the sun come up through the curtains and heard the kids wake up to get ready for school and realize that I just laid awake all night -thinking-. I didn't move, I forced myself to be still so I wouldn't keep my Soon-to-be-ex Wife up or repeatedly wake her up through the night. Because I don't need to add that ass chewing to everything else I'm dealing with. But no matter how bad I wanted to and how much work my mind did all day long, I couldn't make it stop.
I'm such a waste.I think I could do anything if I wanted to. I pick up things very fast. Fuck, I started freestyle rapping the other day at a party. I can draw, write, play piano, and I could do anything if I wanted to. But I don't want to. I don't want anything. I don't know what is wrong with me, I randomly got the day off today, and had no idea what to do with it. I feel like the army has killed everything I used to be. I spend 60 hours a week doing a job I hate, and after that I don't know how to enjoy myself anymore. I would never kill myself, just because I have too many people that care about me, but most of the time I wish I was dead. Not out of sadness, but boredom and exhaustion. I just don't have any interest in being alive anymore, my whole life ahead of me seems like a gigantic chore that I am going to do out of guilt. I have no personality, the only reason I have friends is because I mimic their behavior. "just being myself" would be to say nothing ever.
But I really am starting to think I will end up killing myself.  I don't think its a logical thing, but its just like the weight of loneliness and numbness and emptiness slowly is crushing me.  A couple of years ago on Boxing Day I got pretty close, I ended up sitting in my spare room for 2 or 3 hours with all of the insulin I figured it would take measured out just thinking "why dont I do it?" - and in the end it was just some kind of visceral fear that held me back.  I was looking up on google how to hang yourself earlier today... and I dont think I'll really do it now either, but some time the weight of depression or just the shitiness of my personality or the failure of my life will be heavier than being scared to do it.  I dont know if its what I want.  Logically what I want is to be happy.  I know that I wont always feel as bad as I do now, that these spells come and go, but its like I dont ever really full recover, they just drain me and diminish me and make me isolate myself further until in the end there's nothing left to fight it off with.
The only reason I haven’t killed my self is because I know how badly it will hurt my mom.I don’t even feel like a person anymore; I’ve lost myself, my personality. I’m going to buy a gun today and think about it some more. I’ve already attempted suicide by overdosing and hanging, and was hospitalized for it. I have therapists and med providers. I work two jobs to keep myself busy and out of financial trouble. Everyone tells me I am young and beautiful and have so much potential, but I’ve honestly never truly enjoyed life except for this past year with my SO. I became a different person and came out of my shell and made so many memories and had so many experiences. He abandoned me (I have PTSD from abandonment from my father and a few other friendships and relationships). I cannot handle another abandonment. And if it isn’t him it will be someone else down the road. I want to call my mom one last time and tell her I love her and I’m sorry. I am so lost.
I don't see it happening though- I haven't ever really been good enough. My dad ditched out when I was two years old, and only got in touch with me long enough to try and get back with my mother. My mom ditched me at my grandma's for a couple years after my dad ditched out, so she could handle herself while she got clean from tweak. She came around right as she found herself a new boyfriend (now her husband of 3 years after being engaged for over a decade).  He was always there for me, at least, and him and I have a reasonably good relationship now.   In my younger years though, I was told all the time that he was going to leave us because I couldn't just be a good kid. If my life had a theme, it would be that I never really was worth the effort to the ones I needed to be. Either that, or that everybody leaves even if they don't want to- my grandma has passed away, the uncle who was like a father figure to me was killed in a motorcycle accident, and my oldest kid( after raising a child for three yeara as your own, finding out she isn't yours doesn't really change how you feel about her) was taken from me by her mother who was tired of me getting on her about smoking pot with the child in the house..
This leads to my second point, how I've used this collective spirit to help shore up my defenses. I've talked to other divorcees, I've often sought advice or ways to cope. And my people, I am a stubborn man, or naive, or maybe just stupid, because I ignored all the advice. I ignored the ones who loved me, the ones who knew what I was going through. I didn't care, I thought I could do it myself, I felt I was strong enough. And the next thing I knew, I was deep into drugs, deep into sedating myself, and I fell away from the path of healing. Sadly, I didn't find clarity before hitting rock bottom, and I was pushed to the edge of death by substances. All the words of friends, all the words of strangers, all the words of my parents came rushing into my head, one firehouse amount of clarity. It helps. They wanted to help me. They, you, everyone, this experience has brought us together, and we want to help one another. We know the pain that we have felt, and though experiences might differ, we know the taste. I read stories of mothers, lovers, broken-hearted friends, and it all resonates with me. I don't have children, but he does, and he knows how I feel. She was cheated on, but I know how it feels to be betrayed. We all connect the pieced. And reassurance flows over me, my heart feels an iota of peace! Why? Because I know we can all overcome this, we can all work through this on an individual and collective basis. We are all on the same path. We go through school, through work, or whatever daily routines, with this burden of bullshit, and we might have a thought that we are alone. I want to tell you this with all my heart: YOU ARE NOT ALONE. You've got friends around the corner, you've got a co-worker who will give expansive advice, you have a family member who loves you deeply, and you've even got us. You've got me. I've got you.
She would constantly put down our mutual friends. Didn't matter who it was, church friends or any other friends.. And it got to the point to where we didn't have many people to hang out with at all. She would also tell me how can you talk to certain people for hours and hardly talk to me? This made me feel bad and like I was the problem. But I know for sure that I'm an easy going person and can make friends easily so maybe she was jealous of that fact and would use it against me. Either way, we would have people ask us to hang out and she would constantly find reasons why we can't hang out with people and most of the reasons were just stupid issues that we could have easily looked past... So she would also tell me that she had no friends... I mean, hello? Why do you think that is? Because she pushed everyone away and judged everyone... She would constantly rag on me for hanging out with my friend groups. I have two, one for hockey on the weekends where I am gone for an hour and a half tops... and one for basketball where I would be gone for 2 hours on a weeknight... If I was any later than those times... all hell would break loose when I got home....
I like where I am at now. I am happy. It also helps that the divorce was amicable and friendly...and rather cheap. We didn't bicker over anything...it was all 50/50, she didn't seek child support or spousal support (she's very independent and self sufficient)...and we just split various bills and expenses for the kids when they come up. There is no point in being bitter and vengeful and angry (even though it's easy to fall into that) when we are tied together for life because of our kids and it will only benefit the kids if we can be friends...and we are...and I'm happy about that. I know many divorces aren't like that...things happen in a marriage that won't allow you to be friends after a divorce. But if you have kids, they have to come first...ahead of any bitterness or anger you have toward your ex. Their lives will be shaped on your relationship with your ex. Fake it if you have to. Be the bigger person and move on with dignity and pride. Your life will be better, your ex's life will be better, and your kid's lives will be better.
The endNot sure if this is the place for it, but I want to end my relationship with my fiance. She's been with me for almost a decade, she wants kids, marriage, and a home, but I don't see a future with her. Our relationship has been the most toxic asset of my life for quite some time. I've been depressed, and going through waves of being suicidal since before we met. About a year ago we went through a separation. She had been cheating on me for some time, she doesn't know I know, she chopped it up to "wanting to figure herself out", but from testimony from friends, and a bit of violating her privacy, I know of her two relationships before said separation. It felt like the lowest point of my life. My second suicide attempt was during this time. I felt like my world was falling apart, I felt as if she was the only stability I needed in my life to sustain some type of happiness. After six months I accepted the fact that we where splitting, we had been forced to live together during this time due to financial hardship. But her new relationship fell apart, I don't know the details of it. She asked me to forgive her for wanting to part, still not confesding to the multiple affairs, and asked me to take her back. I caved, and started the relationship a new. But the longer I stay with her, I realise more and more how toxic she is. I've gone into so much debt making our current living situation happen, covering all cost to get us out of, and into houses. Any time she can't cover rent, or any other bills, I make it happen, even if it means I can't eat that week when I'm on the road for work. Whilst any time I ask for anything, she berates me about how little I do for her. She trys to fight me consistently. I dread her coming home from work. Anything I say, will evolve into an argument in her eyes. But finally, she still goes on dates with both men she cheated on me with. They have been introduced to me as "friends" of hers. She'll go to concerts, and movies with them. Most nights she returns home, some she does not. And with living on the road as a musician, I don't know what happens when I'm not home. I've been miserable, and have wanted out of this relationship for some time, but with almost ten years in, I don't know where to start. I've all ways been afraid of change, and thinking of being on my own feels almost worse than the consistant mistreatment at home. I don't know what to do. I have had a low point in depression the past few months (leading me to this sub). I've tried to confide in her, I've told her I've felt suicidal again, she doesn't bat an eye. Any time I bring it up, She'll tell me not to talk like that. Along with all of this, she tells me I mean the world to her. She tells me she loves me, and can't imagine living without me. A lot to take in, but what can I do Reddit. I'm pretty sure I know the answer, but can't seem to talk myself into it.
I'm soon to be 21 years old and I already have heart problems, my heart works in less than 50% capacity and that's causing my whole body to ache and respond in vary nasty ways. I'm tired of everything but yet a continue do all the things that make me who I am, lately I've been crying each and every night after everyone has fallen asleep, I feel lonely and unwanted and the mere mention of this makes my eyes tear up. I'm surrounded by people who admire me because I work hard and wish to work hard as well, there's not a day that goes by that I don't hear from anyone that if you work hard you'll have a good job and you'll buy everything that you want and you'll have all the beautiful things that you'll wish for. This is not true at all, at least not for me. I engaged in a conversation with an older programmer who is now a great manager and I pointed out what I thought was a perfectly managed team and perfect condition and then asked him how he made it happen and how happy he must be, he answered with:
I'm not the smartest or brightest kid in my year but I do want to be hard-working, I live in a very smart family and I see my younger 15 year old sister studying everyday in high school, locking herself in her room and chanting french verbs, memorizing geography paragraphs to herself and stuff or the like. (I'm a pretty sensual person in all honesty) So seeing all that really puts my competition in perspective, I've always wanted to feel like I'm not lazy or that I can be better. Everytime I see people work hard especially at my university library, I can get pretty overwhelmed and constantly get negative thoughts that they're studying harder (mostly I've noticed it's always girls who are there even on Saturdays from 9am in the morning when I come in for a group study with a friend - although I don't want to create these closed-minded ideas in my mind either) and better than me. I let these negative thoughts overcloud my mind and it makes it harder to control it overtime as I keep trying to improve myself constantly day in day out.
Birds in the sky"Is it really so bad? To die I mean, is it that bad?" -He asked once again, staring over the edge of the bridge he was standing on. "I mean, I know I shouldn't be asking it, but I can't help it, I really can't". -His eyes looked troubled, but only if you took a deep look into them. At first glance they were just eyes, but deep within they were emiting a painfull cry. "It can't be that bad, not when looking at the alternative"- "And what woud that alternative be?"- "You know, living. I just can't find a why, not right now"-"But there is allways a reason, you just have to find it"- "But is that reason worth it? When you can't stand a second of your life, when every day, every second it's just some sort of suffering"- "There is..."-"When you constantly feel pain" -He continued as if nothing was even said- "When there are demons inside you that don't leave you alone, not an instant. When the few things that keep your mind away from everything are less and less effective. When every moment you are awake those demons destroy you as much as humanly possible, ravaging your soul bit by bit leaving you empty of anything good, and even sleeping can't help you, for they are there, haunting your every dream, making it umbearable to go to sleep. Even worse than being awake, you see, when awake you can control what you do, you can try to take your mind away for a second at least. But sleeping? You don't control your dreams, dreams that sometimes are nightmares, and sometimes are the most beatifull dreams you ever had, but the effect is always the same, waking up with an ache in your chest so strong, so painfull, because the nightmare destroyed you, or the beautifull dream reminded you of how reallity is not the same, not anymore. Either way the ache is unbearable, it takes a damn long time to go away, and when it does, there is allways something there to grab it and tore it down to pieces." -He paused for a moment, stared at nothing. "It's allways there, waiting to take it, destroy it and envelop everything in nothing but darkness." -Another pause, he didn't know if he was thinking the words that came from his mouth, or if they just come out by themselves. "So what is there to live for, if everything is pain, if everything is sadness. If every happy moment
I was just humiliated in a local cafe in front of a room full of customers for being depressed.I struggle with severe depression which can attack me just like that and cripple any social skills I might have. Today is one of those days. I went to get my lunch (I'm poor btw) I ordered chips. First the woman takes the piss out of how I talk and goes "what's up with you!?" When I didn't enjoy that pisstake so rather than explain my entire life of depression and people like her being cunty I just said that I'm a bit miserable in a tone that most people would get that I don't want to go onto it. This had the opposite effect of the ladies having a real laugh at my expense and that I should just cheer up. Wow! I'm cured I said the most sarcastic/angry tone I could muster, they just kept laughing and sent my colleague over to tell me to cheer up. I really enjoy getting laughed a d stared at for something beyond my control. So now I'm at work feeling worthless and pathetic.
I think i just need to say this externally once to someoneI have almost forgotten what the taste of gun oil is, and what the feel of steel on my wrists is like, but I'm at a point where I want to know again. Everybody says "it's all in your head, people do love you". But based on my observations and experience I believe they dont. I am pretty sure no one will miss me. I'm secondary to everyone I know. I'm barely remembered or embraced or preferred by anyone I know. My wife would replace me happily, and quickly. My "friends" prefer my wife over me. My parents wish I was more like my cousin. My job is a fucking joke. My co-workers can barely tolerate me. I'm 90% sure my "son" isn't actually mine. I'm just tired. I don't want to live this lie anymore. I don't even know who to I can talk to about this. If I tell my family or wife they wouldn't understand. If I talk to a shrink they will have to have me locked up. Forget talking to my "friends" or family.
The next day we made the 4 hour trip to his house.  I rode with a bottle of Pepto in my hand and a never-ending feeling of complete nausea in my stomach.  I had the tiniest bit of hope because no one had yet mentioned the thing I feared.  I figured it would have come up in all the talks.  We were the last to get there, and once out of the car, Mom asked me, "Are you ready?"  I truthfully answered, "No."  Then she said it.  What I was more worried about than finding anything.  She said, "Now, they said it smells pretty bad in there."  OH. GOD.  I had held it together as well as possible during the ride, but that..... I didn't want that.  I broke down instantly.  I ran to my mom's arms and sobbed uncontrollably.  Your sense of smell is the strongest in being tied to memories, and I didn't want to have to experience walking into my brother's house and smelling his dead, rotting body.  No.  But too late, there was nothing to do about it.  The smell was everywhere.  The entire house was filled with the aroma of death.  It wasn't quite what I thought it would be.  It was like a mouse that has died somewhere in the corner of your house, but not quite.  It was both better and worse than I was expecting.  Better because it wasn't as pungant and sickly as I thought it would be, but worse because of the uniqueness of it.  I never got to see the spot where he died.  Not fully.  Mom and my brother walked back ahead of us as I slowly meandered the house, remembering him.  Seeing his house untouched made it seem like he wasn't really gone, just out.  In the room, Mom was just staring as people tried to get her out, and my husband shielded me from going in.  He told me that I didn't want to see it and didn't need to.  I wanted to, but it's probably better that I didn't I guess.
13 and terrifiedThis is about the only time I'm saying my actual age on Reddit, and currently I'm in middle school. I've been depressed and thinking about ending it all, and I hate this terrible town and school district. It's always about school, always about studying, tests, just the same damn loop every day that I just want to break. I'm absolutely terrified about high school, and it doesn't help having teachers constantly tell us about how most of us will fail in high school, as well as having such a broken family. I understand school is important, and would actually enjoy school, and frankly my own life if these teachers weren't so damn power hungry all the time and if my family was together again. I've asked my mother about getting professional help, but she always refuses and screams at me. I'm to scared to bring it up with my mom again. The only thing I have to keep me happy is my best friend Ian and my grandparents. I just want it to stop.
I'm ready to be done.I've been "done" for ages now; I can remember feeling my first wave of heavy depression in 6th grade and it's only gotten worse since then.  I'm 21 now, I've never been treated, and at this point I see no point now.  I've never felt there's been a root cause of my depression aside from inheritance given that I could more easily name off family members that haven't had it than have.  Of course, external factors do make it worse even if they don't cause it.  At this point, I'm at a university and about ready to blow my brains out.  I'm not one of those happy kids that came here and couldn't handle the stress; I've been in the depths long before I came here.  It doesn't help that I have a massive workload right now and I can't come up with a reasonable excuse to miss a project/test without saying that I'm severely depressed.  At this point, I feel no one around me understands and they constantly misinterpret how I'm feeling no matter how explicit I've been about it.  I'm ready to be done, and I mean it in the realest sense.  There's no one, nothing, here for me.  My well of cop outs has run long dry and filled with dust, and it's time to throw in the towel.
I feel like it's almost impossible for me to connect to another person even in a friendship way..I have those "friends" that I see regularly just because we're in the same classes in college. I've always had those kinds of friends, and after school if I text them they usually don't even respond. Or I tell them something I think is interesting, and they just reply with a one word reply or an emoji. This one friend has been supportive of me and I am supportive of her with her depression, but I can tell she is too busy for me and our conversations only consist of me venting a bunch of stuff to her because she says it's okay, and her saying "Yeah that sucks." It just feels so awkward now, I try to talk about things like the video games we play or stuff going on in our lives, she will just reply with a sentence or two. I'm kind of realizing now that she never even asks me questions about what's going on, I don't think she really cares what's going on in my life. Now she has a partner and is replying even less.
At this point, I really don't know what I need to do to move forward. I guess I could contact my STBHX's CPA myself, but I feel like my attorney would be able to move things along faster. I'm ready to hire a new lawyer, but there aren't a ton of attorneys in my area with a career as long as his who I would feel comfortable representing me. He is pretty no-nonsense and I think the legal assistant probably did a terrible job of forwarding my concerns to him. When I first asked about the payroll issue he responded by saying that he doesn't give a shit about how my STBXH claims his child support payments and that we don't need to worry about it. It took several more emails to the legal assistant to get her to understand that it's not the Ex I'm worried about, it's my obligation to report my income to the IRS and I have a W2 for $13k+ that has my name and social attached to it. I already have to file an extension as our final hearing has been reset to infinity and I don't know when we'll be divorced (apparently have to wait until the final hearing to determine who will be allowed to claim the kids, even though I've had them all year).
I am not a fan of change by any means. I do not handle change in the best way possible, and I always try to avoid it and try my very best to not let it happen. But in this case, I fear that this is something that is gonna change my life in the biggest way possible...and I don't want anything to do with that. I'm upset and angry. Angry at these people. The people who have left. But at the same time...I'm not. No matter how hard I try, the feeling of love comes back out and stringer than ever. For some reason I am incapable of being angry at these people, but I am completely capable of hating and being angry towards myself. I blame myself for every single one of these failed friendships. I get too close and personal and love people so easily, that I become such an easy target to be hurt, and I'm the one who does it to myself. I put myself in these situations where I just want people to love and accept me because I do the same for others but I forget that I'm not someone people willingly want to put up with.
Suicidal Thought Magically Gone❗️Ok so I’m 17f and I’ve been depressed for about 7 years. And over the past 2 years my suicidal thoughts just got worse and worse. I stopped fearing death I still don’t fear death or dying. But for the past like 8 months my depression got so bad that I’d see a fork and wonder how deep I’d have to stab my chest to hit my heart. Or I’d look at a knife and wonder how much pressure I would have to apply in order to to slit my wrists and bleed out. Or I’d look at my ceiling fan and could imagine my body hanging from it. And I just couldn’t take it anymore I couldn’t focus or remember anything and I’d almost break down in tears in class. And 5 days ago I was just a crying snotting suicidal mess. So I stood crying and blew my nose and told my mom that I was depressed I didn’t go into detail I didn’t tell her I was suicidal I said “I’m depressed and I can’t do this anymore” and she was taken aback she told me how much she loved me and etc. After I told her I’ve still been depressed but I haven’t had a single suicidal thought and it’s the first time in years and I’m glad I’m not suicidal anymore but it feels odd. I still can’t remember much or focus on much. And I still am super stressed and completely lack motivation. I used to love to read and play sims but I can’t get myself to do that anymore. I sometimes can’t even get out of bed I’ve missed two days of school this week. I have my first therapist apt in a week so I’ll update. But I’m wondering if anyone else has experienced anything like this before. Sorry if this is scattered.
I'm the creep in the cornerWhenever I have to engage in social situations, school, work, etc, I'm unable to properly interact with others. I sit by myself and only make those around me feel uncomfortable. I don't bother trying to socialize properly with others because I see no point to it, yet people keep me around and force themselves to cooperate with me only when the need arises. I have the appearance of a goblin, stink like sever pipe, and produce snot worse than a fucking toddler with a mood-imparing personality to boot, yet don't have any motivation to change my ways and come off as a somewhat respected individual. I give nothing back yet others have to put up with my filthying presence. My only trait is that I exist and get to sit in a corner of my own, with others having to pretend like I'm not even there. I'm a waste of carbon and a parasitic detriment to the world around me, and it would be a boon for society for me to disappear.
Seeing the truthMy STBX admitted to much infidelity, I said it’s over, but honestly my mind went back and forth. He is onboard for divorce too, he obviously wasn’t as happy or has issues to deal with.  I didn’t know I was unhappy. I spent most nights having moments of pure joy of our world traveling, hard working, fun life.  It’s been weeks now, and we are living in the same house, but separate rooms and thanks to reddit subs and starting therapy, I realized here are so many things that I let myself be content with.  Married for over a decade.  Still stress about being completely alone after being in a very long relationship, but it seems more doable and I have a mental list of how I want to be treated and how I want a future man to communicate love, affection and how he will simply communicate every day day needs. I’m far from being in a place to date, but as a wife that gave everything I could to be in a successful marriage, I feel like for the first time, I see guys again. Other men exist and are sexy, my blinders are lifted.  I’ll take any steps of positivity I can grab. Thanks to everyone that has taken the hard step to share your stories and encouragement.
Sophomore in high school, I don’t care about it anymore and I’m slipping.For some background I’ve always been a good student. Always in mostly honors (in 6th grade I got kicked out of honors math but it was for the best) and teachers usually like me. But this quarter has just left me completely empty of giving a shit about school. I have a job, I’m in band and jazz band, and I I still like those but I hate school now. I’ve never had this much resentment towards it in my life and I just fucking hate it. I don’t know why or how this started but it’s causing me to slip. This quarter just ended and my lowest grades were C+, one in chemistry and one in my honors English class. My dad told me I need to figure out why I got F’s in certain assignments but I just don’t have the heart to tell him I barely worked on them. I don’t feel like I’m lazy because I’m constantly working, but I’m also not putting in the work. I feel so fucking inadequate, I have friends in way tougher classes that are upset that they have an A-. My parents never praise me for good grades, they only ever bring it up when I have less than adequate. What should I do? If I’m not already burnt out I think I might be getting there.
- The last thing I wish I'd known is something I'm still sorting out -- which is about loving again. When you're getting divorced, people love to say, "don't worry, you'll find love again!" I used to hate hearing that, especially from well-intentioned married friends who'd never been through the shitstorm themselves. The truth is, you won't ever have the same love you had before your marriage fell apart. Your relationship to love itself is going to be different; there's no going back. But for me, at least, finding love again started by learning to recognize just how many kinds of love there are. The fucked-up love for my ex that turned into rage because it festered and had nowhere to go -- that was still love. The love I felt for and from the friends who texted me funny and beautiful photos because they knew I was hurting but I didn't want to talk about it -- that is powerful love. The appreciation I felt for the men I dated who made me laugh and come even though I knew we'd never have a future together -- that was a kind of love, too. The recognition of so many varied kinds of love pulsating out there in the world opened me back up to romantic love, but it didn't get rid of all the baggage. I finally told my current boyfriend I loved him after about a year of dating, but there was some hardcore denial along the way (and some hilarious-in-retrospect *early* conversations about my negative feelings about "the institution of marriage"). This love is less pure than what I had with my ex, but it's more real -- there's a lot more honesty, both with myself and with him. As we navigate this relationship, the baggage we each bring and the commitments we may or may not be willing to make to one another, I've begun to realize something really ironic. Falling in love after divorce isn't so different from divorce itself -- the only way to see where things are going is to take a deep breath and keep moving forward.
I’m YEARNING for a life of my own. All I dream and think about is living on my own, dating again with no ties and finding myself. It hurts to think I could even think this way but this is where I am. I’m scared.... what if I’m making the wrong decision? (My wife and I have spoken about my feelings and agreed to possibly split after her tour is over so it could be easier on the both of us, logistically, while I’m saving money and gaining experience in the new field that I have chosen while here.) Plus, sexually I’m disappointed. Our chemistry is out of this world but in the bedroom, it runs flat. Honestly, I don’t want that for the rest of my life... I have tried to teach her, and we are going to try other things to help spice our sex life together but I’m feeling as if it’ll still not work out. To be completely honest, I have not been satisfied with our sex life for quite some time now; it started off great and then after awhile it just started getting old.
The feeling is sickening, cold chills running up my arm like dozens of ice picks… my sanity struggles. Depression and Anxiety, that’s what’s causing this cavalcade of maladies. To the uninitiated Depression and Anxiety are just things you scoff at and ridicule others for “It’s weak to want to kill yourself, just stop feeling that way” they say , “Just try harder , it’s your fault for being lazy “ as if it’s all from ennui why I’m in this situation. Bah , it happened again as I write , a chilling pain fires up the arm like the first time you touched a kettle as a child. A heat so hot you feel cold, a searing jolt of pain that’s almost indescribable. A constant barrage of various maladies , enough to drive a sane person mad and a mad person madder that is what Depression is, that is what Anxiety is. Even when you feel you’ve fixed everything that’s wrong and now you’re on the” right path “your body just won’t cooperate with you, people who’ve been suffering from Anxiety for so long that feeling becomes part of you. Your body feels anxious as a fight or flight response, you’re feeling the body flood itself with adrenaline. But what are you preparing to do battle against? The world perhaps, at least it feels that way, it feels like everyone and everything is out to get you. Let me out to get some air (and change train cars), I’ll return to type once again.
What is life?I don’t really know how I feel, I’m not suicidal, I don’t want to die or anything, I just don’t want to be alive either. It’s not a matter of I’d rather be alive than dead or that I’d rather be dead than alive, I just don’t feel a particular desire to exist, but I also don’t have a strong enough desire to not exist to do anything about it. Life just feels like some random nothing that’s happening, I rarely feel joy for more than a few brief moments, at best I get a distraction from the dull meaningless hum of mundane life, but I can’t afford to risk doing anything exciting or fun because I’m in high school. I’m not saying if you’re in high school you have to go to college, but with the fields I’m interested in you really do, so I really need to work hard, and what little time I have left that I can actually spend on trying to be happy, I don’t know what to do! Nothing gets me happy anymore, not talking to my friends, not girls I like, not video games, not even rollercoasters, which are literally designed for the SOLE PURPOSE of exhilarating and entertaining you. I’m not coming here because I need someone to talk me down from a ledge, I just need somewhere to talk to an anonymous void of people about my problems.
Im emptyGoing through the roughest patch in my life. I have no friends, am failing my classes, scared of going to my (part time) job, and am in fear of how my parents would react to learning all of this. Ever since I've entered university I've started losing friends and wasting away. I haven't made a single connection (friend, acquaintance, anything), have stopped going to classes and am too cowardly to go back (hence the failing classes). I barely eat, don't exercise anymore, and haven't left my place except to occasionally buy groceries. I know people say it gets better but right now its fucking 2:30 am and I'm supposed to be studying for a final for a class I'm all but guaranteed to fail. I'm too scared to tell anyone I know about this but everyday my mind wanders to ending it all. Some days I feel the only reason I don't is because I don't want to cause pain to my family members but I recently have felt super weak. I don't know what to do.
Monday I get notifications that there are people in the house, it's her and her mother.  Side note, the last time she slept in the house was 4 days after the initial bomb drop.  Even in the parenting agreement she put her parents address as her home address.  I can see her and her mother packing her items, totally fine, they aren't there long.  Then today I start getting notifications, they are back at it, with our child with them this time!  Then I hear the actual plan, they start talking about how tomorrow the movers will be here and how every piece of furniture, except our bed and my office, will be taken!  Every toy of our child, clothes, my childs bed, etc.  My heart hit the floor!  My lawyer told me yesterday to change the locks, hard to do from another country.  I am having to watch the entire contents of the house be planned to be taken.  I was to come home to a completely empty house, I realize that I had to act.  I contact my attorney, he is filing the divorce paperwork and injunction first thing in the morning.  In the meantime I call a close friend and ask them to come to my house, I was able to open the garage remotely, and change the locks.  My friend changed the 2 deadbolts for the bedroom french doors and side garage door.  They installed a different front door lock and disabled the smart lock,  they also disconnected the garage door opener.
My thoughtsI’m a college freshman and I should be having fun but instead I’m more miserable than ever. I been depressed and lazy for a few years but it’s getting even worse in college and I don’t see anyway I’ll ever be happy. It mainly stems from the fact that I’m completely alone I think, I have no friends and I only had a few in high school and I’ve never been in a relationship. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to have a girlfriend. I just fundamentally don’t know how to talk to new people or even people I know fairly well. I never have anything to say and at this point I’m pretty sure I’m just not an interesting or funny person. I don’t really have any interests or passions besides lifting weights which I’m not really good enough at to talk about. I’m fairly smart but I have never applied myself at anything and I doubt I ever will. I essentially have no personality and I doubt a girl will ever see anything in me. I’ve really tried this year to meet people or make friends but nothing worked. I don’t know when I’ll kill myself but it’ll be soon. I haven’t been able to in the past but I think eventually I’ll be pushed too far. Basically the only reason I have to keep living is so my parents aren’t sad but I keep thinking that it would be better for me to kill myself than slowly waste away, failing at everything I do.
About six months to go for this impoverished senior woman.I figure I have about six months to go before I die.  At that point I will have gone through my small saving from before my husband (age 77) divorced me (age 72) after 50 years of marriage with which I supplement my SS and half my husband's pension.  I can't make it on that.  My total income is $1100.00 total per month.  Rent is $740.  I have a car and insurance to pay for, can't walk well, and am rather rapidly losing the use of my hands.  Oh yes, my medical insurance runs out about then too.  I'm moderately suicidal every night.  During the day, I try to keep busy and  try to help the depressed and suicidal young people on Reddit.  I have no living family and few friends.  I am actually eager to end my life, but I have to wait until I can get enough belongings sold to go to Europe to end my life there with legal dignified suicide.  I would like to hear from other senior citizens who are in the same boat.
The damage that meth does to a brain is nearly impossible to repair. Despite seeing about how treatments failed more often than not. It wasn’t due to one’s desire or willingness to quit, but rather to an impossibility of the new chemical and physical state of the brain. Meth also reduces the number of neurotransmitters in the brain, causing diminished levels of serotonin and it permanently destroys the dopamine terminals. This is why, despite seeing doctors, therapists, attending “day-tox” and seeing drug counsellors, that he could not get well. It felt, at times, as if we were making headway, but it was an illusion. It was a roller-coaster ride of addiction...of relapse and recovery. Looking back, it’s easy to see why no outside help could help him, fix him, heal him - or give him his mind or his life back. All of this is just part of why counselling and “talk” therapy can do very little to “fix” or heal such an addiction to such a potent drug. And if anything could help repair the brain damage, it would take years. And even then, the odds weren’t good.
how depression affects my lifealright so this is the weirdest shit I've ever done before. I actually created this Reddit account just for fun, I mean, having the possibility of meeting other (quite a lot) people makes me feel much more confortable with myself. It is not funny or just for you know, being sad all fucking day and then come here and start saying and talking about my depression, my sadness. This blog helps me a lot. Only the fact, the thought that there's a lot of people wasting their time here with other people it's just insane. Talking about some shit, or just being online makes a lot of people feel like they are not alone, not at all right? So what's depression, right? I have to say that I have a lot of sadness recently inside me, inside my body; i do not really know why but damn it is just there and It hurts so good.,., Mental note to all that people which is struggling with this shit: you'll be good, you'll be safe, you will finally get cured just because I trust in all you and you guys trust in me. So thank you by the way, and make sure this will only be a bad time. Bad times always get kicked out. Peace, Pelushii.
I haven't felt this way in a long time.It’s been a while since I’ve felt like this. Since I’ve felt like I am dead on the inside. The first time was when I was about 16/17 years old. I had met this beautiful girl at my job and we hit it off pretty good and all. We were flirting back and forth and stuff like that. I actually saved her once from a suicide attempt. She said she just wanted to end it all. I convinced her not too and it worked. I eventually cheered her up and we ended up going to sleep. The next few weeks were better, she was doing good and I was happy too. But one day I was at my job and one of my friends told me she was holding hands with some other guy at their school (we didn’t go to the same school). I was crushed. I had fallen head over heels for this girl for her to just do that to me. I thought she was into me just as much as I was for her. So what happens when you get crushed? You shut down completely. You don’t talk to anyone about it and you just think horrible thoughts. I ended up not even texting or calling her to confront her about it because I was shocked about everything. She eventually texted me about a week later and had asked me what was going on. I told her that my friend that goes to your school told me that you were holding hands in the hallway with some other guy. She told me that it was just one of her best friends that was walking her to class every day, they never held hands she said. I felt like a complete ass and should have just asked her in the first place. I started to act normal with her again, sending her hearts and smiley faces but she wasn’t sending them back. We went to bed and the next day I asked her why she wasn’t sending those back to me and she told me that she stopped having feelings for me because we stopped talking for a week. My heart instantly dropped. I felt cold and dead on the inside. We eventually just stopped talking and I went into a very bad depression. I tried to kill myself multiple times. I cut myself on my arms and legs hoping I would just bleed out. I was never successful. I was too much of a puss to cut myself deep enough. I couldn’t move on without her. Not even my best of friends know about this and what happened to me. Fast forward to first year of college and I’m still depressed. I wind up meeting this girl that lived in the same dorm building too. Suddenly my depression went away. I was happy when I was around her. she would always make me smile and laugh. I knew I had to do something with this girl. We ended up dating only 2 weeks after we met which is kind of weird. But fast forward to today and we are still dating 2 years after. But the past couple of days have been horrible. We got into a huge fight and she was saying she was done with the relationship because I wouldn’t call her every day. ( we both go to different colleges now ). We ended up talking it out after we both yelled at each other all day, but I still feel like I want to die. I’m going back to my old habits from when I was 16/17 years old. What do I do? Do I stay with her? Do I leave her? I’m so conflicted and hurt by things that were said. I just want to curl up in a ball and die. Im sorry this is long and if any of you get through to the end thanks for giving it a read. I just felt like I needed to get this all of my chest. I’ve been holding it in for so long. This is also my first post. Thanks again !
Feel LostI feel like I'm just going through life right now. Have a fair bit on right now; work is pretty busy and have school. Not to mention that I share custody of my son with my ex and have all that comes with a four year old. Honestly think that if it wasn't for him I would probably not be motivated to really do much. I haven't gotten into dating, really. Met someone recently online and while we've hung out I just don't feel any inclination to take it anywhere. Then there's another woman that I've had FWB status with for about a year now, and I've cut that down to just being friends. I feel like I have so much that I need to sort out within myself. I feel the itch for connection; to hold a woman in my arms and be able to share my life with her. To have someone that I can just be one with, someone who I can be happy with. Have a partner in crime and all that. I have to keep reminding myself that I am not ready for it. That I first need to find happiness within myself or else that happiness I get from someone else can be taken away. The fact that I am craving that so much right now tells me that I am not in a place where that will be any good to me. The divorce was just granted last week, so it really is all fresh, despite having been done with it all and separated for over a year now. I wish I didn't need to see her anymore, but having a child with someone means that you're tied to them for a long time to come, right? We do alright as co-parents, but I wish I could have nothing to do with her ever again. I limit communication to only deal with our son, and nothing else.
I bought a mobile home on its own lot in 2016. I got the home inspected prior to purchasing it and I got house insurance and title insurance. After I moved in, I began to have problems with the water line freezing and breaking every winter.  I have spent around $4,000 in repairs over the past two years and I think I have finally solved the problem. My sewer stopped working properly in March of this year and I have had to dismantle most of the sewer underneath the house to solve the problem.  The plumber and I put a camera down and we found an unknown blockage somewhere close to the street. I ended up having to dig up my driveway, break the sewer and put the camera through....only to find that the sewer is clean. The sewer cleaner said that it was probably frozen and he has been to my house to thaw the sewer when the previous owners owned it. In order to fix the broken pipe, the plumber is going to have to dig down underneath the mobile home to connect to the iron sewer that is under there, and in order to do this, I will have to completely remove my house, fix the sewer, and then put my house back on my property. The total bill for this will be around $10,000 and it is at the point where I am ready to just get a new house. I will be living paycheck to paycheck in a new house, but I don’t really have many options.
Feeling desperately aloneSo I doubt anyone will actually read this, I mean we are all here because we have our own battles, so how can we be expected to help someone else.  That being said I literally have no one (not one person) in my life to talk to about this, so i turn to the anonymity of the internet and Reddit as my outlet.  This has been a really hard year. Like really hard. I wont bore everyone with the details, but with Christmas Eve being tomorrow, I was trying to remember the last time I was happy. Not like huge event deliriously happy, but just happy about anything. Honestly, I couldn't remember when it was.  It got me thinking, and I want to preface this, I am NOT at all suicidal. But has anyone else every though life is hard, i am tired and just ready for it to be over. Again I am reiterating I am not going to hurt myself, its just, I'm tired of life being so hard.  Its like, you can go to an amusement park and have so much fun all day, but at a certain point, not matter how much fun it was, you are ready to go home.  I am 33, and that's how I feel about life.  Like I am just ready to leave so it can be easy.  Has anyone else every thought or felt like this?
Right now in my life I am so frustratedRight now in my life I am so frustrated with everything around me that it has left me tired. Everyday I search for a moment of happiness to feel good about myself, but there is nothing that makes me feel good. I keep myself busy in my studies(started my masters this August) to take my mind off negative things. but everything around me hits my mind so badly that i cannot control the impact of anything. I no more have control on anything that happens to me, everything just happens and I just respond as I am supposed to. People around me are always demanding, they want something from me every now and then, and its not friendship that they want but just some favors I know they will never return. And right now I don't even have any friends to talk to, to deal with everything with me or even to keep me sane. Everyday has become exhausting and I just feel like to leave everything, do nothing, no studies, no job , no people, leave everything and live somewhere in peace. But I know I cannot just cut off from everything, I have to have masters degree, get a job., but this journey is so stressful, I wish I could have someone just to listen what I have to say about everything going on with me. and I wish I could just get a moment to breathe.
I have serious commitment issues and it took about 6 months for me to tell her I loved her, but we talked every day about how much we missed each other and would visit each other's colleges on alternating weekends. I just couldn't get her out of my mind. That Christmas she introduced me to her family and I saw what a real family is for the first time. Loving, interesting conversation, day trips, vacations. The next year was like a dream. She took me to Europe and we visited fifteen countries by train, sleeping in shared hostels and having sex in public bathrooms. The second year was tougher, depression and anxiety began to consume my life but she was loving as ever. I was on a lot of medication and gradually pushed every other person out of my life but she would come to my apartment and put out the bins, buy me food for the week and help me study. I trusted only her. By the time exams came around I was in such a terrible state I turned up to precisely one of them and was told to take a year out by the university's welfare officer. I did that and tried to get better. I tried to run and exercise, see a few friends here and there but the illness was too tough to properly overcome. I was in my twenties and had never had a job, I felt pathetic in every way and strongly considered suicide, but my love for this girl kept me alive.
Does it get easier? I know I’m not the only one here who’s dealing with a cold blooded emotional vampire as a co parent. The idea that I only get to see my children half the time just blows my mind and I’ve been such a ball of nerves over it. I’m trying to keep a brave face for my son, because he’s already dealing with so much upheaval, but it is so hard. How do you cope with the crippling loneliness and worry? The feeling of hopelessness that you’re not allowed to protect your own child the way you see fit? I don’t even care about the rest of the divorce process. I’ve told my lawyer I want this done and over with as soon as humanly possible, and I’ll pay anything just to get it official. He knows that all I want is my boy and this baby and to be left alone, and he just won’t let that happen. I’m just vent/rambling right now, but please, if anyone has any words of advice on coping with being separated from your children and dealing with a sociopath in the process, I’d honestly really appreciate it.
R is for Restraint.   Knowing that you're going to mash out that text to your ex in the heat of the moment then decide to read it over three times, edit it a few times and still wait a few minutes before deciding whether or not to send it.  You usually won't. You learning the wisdom of not fighting battles that can only be lost.  You'll find yourself picking up the phone and about to hit the speed dial for their cell phone but taking that deep breath, putting down the phone and putting on your boxing gloves and taking it out on the punching bag in the garage instead.  Restraint in saying anything negative to your kids about your ex - knowing that they are a part of him and letting them form their own opinions.  When he knocks on the door to pick up yet more paperwork from you, taking that pause before opening the door, and inhaling deeply to smooth that bitter look off your face.  Greeting him with calm restraint.  The bloodiest part is over, you're living your own life at this point.  Now you get to practice becoming a zen warrior.